LYNCHINGS IN 1907 SHOW A DECIDED FALLING OFF COMPARED WITH THE TOTAL OF LAST YEAR Chicago, Dec. 18. â $'' The lynching record for 1907 will show a decided improvement over that of 1906, the total for the current year to date being forty-threeâ $'' three negro women, four white men, and thirty-six negro men. The record includes only cases of unmistakable lynching, leaving out those in which the victims were killed by pursuing posses while resisting capture. The record for last year was seventy-two. Crimes charged against those lynched range from robbery to assault and murder. It is worthy of notice that none of the victims was lynched for such petty or trivial crimes as in some previous years. A large majority of the victims were guilty of criminal assault or attempted criminal assault. Louisiana in Lead The lynchings were most numerous in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Louisiana. Farther north there were two lynchings in Maryland and one each in Missouri, Iowa and Nebraska. Altogether there were lychings in twelve states. The largest number occurred in the hot summer months, cold weather apparently being a deterrent influence. Following is a complete list of lynchings, by states, with the names of victims and the crimes for which they were put to death: Alabamaâ $'' Will Scott, assault; Cleveland Harding, attempted assault; Mose Dossett, attempted assault; Abe Sumroll, murder; Hank Lucas, protecting murderer; Fred Singleton, murder; Neal Sanders, assault. Arkansasâ $'' Two negresses, assault to do murder; Sam Fleming, attempted murder. White Men Lynched Georgiaâ $'' Charlie Harris, attempted murder; Flem Padget, attempted assault; Padget woman, aiding fugitive; Dock Posey -LRB- white -RRB-, assault; George Herbert, wounding white man; unknown negro, robberty. Iowaâ $'' James Cullen -LRB- white -RRB-, wife murder. Louisianaâ $'' Flint Williams, murder and robbery; Harry Gardner, murder and robbery; Charley Strauss, attempted assault; Fred Kilbourne, attempted assault; Silar Faley, assault; Henry Johnson, attempted assault; James Wilson, attempted assault; Ralph Dorans, assault; unknown negro, attempted assault; Homer Rogers, impudence. Marylandâ $'' James Reed, murder; William Burns, murder. Mississippiâ $'' Henry Bill, assault; Lee Fox, murder; John Lipsey, assault; three negroes, robbery; Henry Sykes, threatening a woman. Missouriâ $'' A.L. Brannon -LRB- white -RRB-, murder. Nebraskaâ $'' Louis Higgins -LRB- white -RRB-, double murder. Oklahomaâ $'' Jim Williams, assault; Frank Bailey, attempted murder. Tennesseeâ $'' Will Clifford, assault and murder. Texasâ $'' Tom Hall, attempted assault; Alex Johnson, assault. 