A FRENZIED MOB Lynchers of a Georgia Negro Not Satisfied With Taking a Single Life String Up Two Others and Are Reported to Be Still on the Hunt for More The Recent Series of Crimes in Georgia the Subject of Excited Discussion Leading Citizens Offer Suggestions for the Protection of the Women ATLANTA, Ga., April 25. â $'' A telephone message from Palmetto says the mob which lynched Strickland, the colored preacher, captured Albert Sewall, a negro, who expressed himself to the effect that the death of every negro should be avenged, and put himself to death. The mob is said to be still on the hunt for negroes, and it is probable that two more will be lynched. PALMETTO, Ga., April 25. â $'' The body of Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, the negro implicated by Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him in the killing of Alfred one good Winchester, was found swinging to the limb of a tree about one mile from town. The ears and fingers were cut off and the body was pinned a placard bearing these words: â $ œWe must protect our Southern women.â $ Lige Strickland, a negro preacher was a negro minister, 60 years of age. Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, admitted killing Alfred one good Winchester, but said that Lige Strickland, a negro preacher had given Lige Strickland, a negro preacher $ 12 to do the deed. SOUTHERN PEOPLE AROUSED Question of Protection of White Women Excitedly Dispensed ATLANTA, Ga., April 25. â $'' The series of crimes which began with the burning of Palmetto by incendiaries, the lynching a month later of four negroes by the whites of that little town in retaliation, to be followed ten days ago by the murder of Alfred one good Winchester and the ravishing of one good Winchester's wife, for which the negro, Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him, as burned at the stake Sunday, has stirred the people of Georgia and the South into a frenzied discussion of the social problems revealed. The question of protection for the white the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts in the sparsely settled farming districts is the topic of the day. The Atlanta Constitution devotes a page to a collection of opinions on how proper protection can be afforded to the women of the country. Of the matter Governor Chandler has this to say: â $ œThe question for protection for women and homes in the country is one of deep interest and which weights upon my's heart. my think the wisest plan for protection will be fore the legislature to take up the matter and provide a sufficient state militia and funds to be expended for a patrol in the country districts.â $ Oates Would Arm the Women Former Governor William J. Oates expressed one good Winchester as follows: â $ œMy first suggestion is that all homes should be made miniature arsenals, at least to the extent of one good one good Winchester and one good pistol; that the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts be allowed to carry weapons upon the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts's persons, concealed if so desired, and that the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts be taught the use and handling of firearms so the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts may become the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts's own protectors in the absence of the husband of master of the house. An occasional negro lying dead in the backyard, shot by a brave woman in defense of her honor, will do more to stop this awful crime than all the lynching that may occur in a year. my would have every county, supplied with at least half dozen well trained bloodhounds. my would have an organization of at least 20 men in each county, who should have supervision of all lawlessness and disorders in the country.â $ THE LYNCHING OF HOSE Negro Murderer and Ravisher Burned at the Stake at Newnan, Ga NEWNAN, Ga., April 25. â $'' In the presence of nearly 2,000 people who sent aloft yells of defiance and shouts of joy, Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him, a negro, who committed two of the basest acts known to crime was burned at the stake in a spot 1 Â 1/2 miles from here during the afternoon. Before the torch was touched to the pyre the every negro was deprived of every negro's ears, fingers and other portions of every negro's anatomy. The every negro pleaded pitifully for every negro's life while the mutilation was going on, but stood the ordeal of fire with surprising fortitude. Before the body was cool it was cut to pieces, the bones were crushed into small bits and even the tree upon which the wretch met the wretch's fate was torn up and disposed of as souvenirs. The mob was composed of citizens of Newnan, Griffin, Palmetto and other little towns in the country round about Newnan and of all the farmers who had received word that the burning was to take place. Before being put to death the every negro stated that every negro had been paid $ 12 by Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, a negro preacher at Palmetto, to kill Cranford. 