AFTER FIVE MORE Mob at Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes and Is Still on the Hunt. BAINBRIDGE, Ga., July 25. â $'' Three Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes were lynched during the night near Saffold, Ga., and the mob is hunting for five more who are believed to have been members of a gang that robbed J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him that robbed J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold and assaulted J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's wife in J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's presence. Since the crime was committed hunting parties have been out in search of the guilty Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes. One of the Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes appeared at an old darkeyâ $ ™ s hut near Brinson, Ga., and asked to be harbored. The old J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold went to Brinson and informed the authorities of J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's presence. A posse returned with J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold and Captured the Negro Who gave J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's name as Louis Sammin. The J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold was taken to Saffold where J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold was identified by Mr. and Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Ogletree as one of Mr. and Mrs. Ogletree's assailants. J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold said there were eight Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes of J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's a gang that robbed J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him and that Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes were from Augusta. J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold said that two of the gang that robbed J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him were not far away. One portion of the mob went in pursuit of these two while the other hanged Louis Sammin and riddled Louis Sammin's body with bullets. The other two were overtaken, shot and scalped, a party bringing a party's scalps to Saffold later. A hundred A hundred men with bloodhounds with bloodhounds are after the remaining five members of the gang that robbed J.E. Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him and if caught A hundred men with bloodhounds will be lynched. 