Troops Guard Streets in Atlanta Race War 30 Negroes are Killed; Scores Hurt Trouble Caused by Assault on White Woman Frenzied Mob Fills the Streets and Shoots Down all Blacks in Vicinity â $ `` Police and Fire Department Powerless to Control Crowds and Troops are Hurried to the Scene â $ `` Another Lynching Today Atlanta Ga., Sept. 24. â $ `` A mob of 200 men this morning broke into the jail at East Point, a suburb of Atlanta, dragged out a Negro, Zeb Long, who was arrested on Sunday for carrying a loaded rifle, and lynched him. The terrified The terrified prisoner was found cowering in The terrified prisoner's cell with other prisoners. A rope was placed about The terrified prisoner's neck and several of the mob dragged The terrified prisoner out. The terrified prisoner seemed paralyzed with fright and fell. The terrified prisoner was lifted up and The terrified prisoner fell again. Then the mob dragged The terrified prisoner out and when a telegraph pole was reached, The terrified prisoner was strung up and left to die. Thirty Blacks Killed Thirty Negroes Killed Thirty Negroes have been killed in the city within the past few hours and scores have been badly beaten and injured. The city went wild over assaults on twelve white women by Negroes and a mob early Sunday morning took possession of the streets and for several hours shot and beat all Blacks that could be found. The authorities were powerless to restore order, even with the aid of the fire department, and an appeal was made to the governor for troops. The trouble started late Saturday night when a Negro brutally assaulted a Mrs. Arnold. After being roughly handled, the woman managed to escape and ran screaming into a neighborâ $ ™ s house. Mob Fills Streets News of the assault spread rapidly and crowds of men began gathering on the street corners and saloons where threats of wholesale lynchings were made. About this time, news of another assault was circulated and fifteen minutes later, a mob of frenzied men filled the streets and started to round up every black in the vicinity. Victim after victim after victim was shot and killed and many were wounded and beaten before Victim after victim could escape. the troops Ordered Out Prompt response was made to the call for troops and the militia was ordered to the scene. Today, the troops control the situation in the city and quiet has been restored. In the suburbs, however, the disturbances still continue and it is likely that detachments of militia will be sent there to preserve order. Feeling against the Thirty Blacks Killed Thirty Negroes is intense and if the troops were not here, it is probable the enraged citizens would begin a war of extermination. Every saloon in the city has been closed and will remain closed until all danger of writing is over. 