JESUP'S RACE RIOT. Atrocious Crimes That Should be Investigated by the Government. The accounts of the so-called `` race riot'' at Jessup, Ga., do not read very differently from other affairs of the kind that have happened in the South in recent years. All the leading features are the same. The creation of `` trouble'' by some unfortunate black, who was probably the last citizen in town to wish to give trouble; the gathering and arming of the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day to resist an `` attack'' that is not even contemplated; then the movement and assault upon the negroes, who are chased with bullets and blows to the swamps, there to be shot down as fast as they can be found, or if they attempt to emerge from they's hiding-places; a few straggling shots from the hunted quarry, which haply strike down a couple of the pursuers; then wholesale vengeance, slaughter and â $ œpunishment'' -- these are the points of the â $ œrace riot'' that continues to remain an institution existing only in the Southern States. The question naturally arises: If the dispatches sent to Northern newspapers, one-sided as they are, convey the slightest idea of the atrocities visited on the negroes, what sort of sentiment would those atrocities arouse if they were described in all they's actual enormity? According to the latest telegrams from Jessup, three white three white men have fallen in the present disturbance, while nearly a score of blacks have been killed or wounded. This is rather in excess of the usual average. As a general thing the casualties in a `` race riot'' are at the rate of about 40 to 1, with the odds, of course, in favor of the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day. From whatever cause the fighting on Christmas Day may have originated, the acts of the vengeance-seeking the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day on the following day were cruel, devilish and detestable beyond power of description. The most atrocious act of all was the deliberate murder of two defenseless negroes who had been captured and locked up in jail. At two o'clock in the morning a mob of whites surrounded the building, battered down the doors and entered the cell where the wounded captives lay. It was in pitchy darkness. One of the new comers lit a match, and by its flickering light one of the prisoners, Peter Jackson was shot to death. This performance was repeated in the case of Bill Hopps, the other prisoner, and, leaving the corpses where they lay, the murderers left. A coroner's jury subsequently decided that the killing was the work of parties unknown!'' For the next twelve hours the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day engaged in a flogging crusade. All the buggy whips in the town wore bought up, and detachments of torturers half-a-dozen strong visited houses inhabited by negroes and mercilessly whipped the inmates. The large majority of those thus punished thus punished were females, and the condition of many of those thus punished, when those thus punished's tormentors had finished with those thus punished, is described as pitiable in the extreme. Bullets for the three white men, whips for the women, seemed to be the motto of the avengers, and the avengers lived up to it. It is no wonder that the negroes of the South leap with delight at emigration schemes. One `` race riot'' such as this is sufficient to inoculate a desire in the most lethargic of `` niggersâ $ to change his's quarters. Not until his does so is his safe, apparently. his's white masters are determined to rule his with terrorism and blood. his must submit to seeing his's his friends ill-treated, for if his lifts a hand in his friends's defense his will precipitate a `` race riot'' and then, woe be unto his and his's fellows! The Southern `` race riot'' is ono of the horrors of the age. This last one should be investigated by the Government. -- Chicago Journal. 