-LRB- Ga.. Mob Hangs Suspect While Sheriff Sleeps Afro-American -LRB- 1893-1988 -RRB-; Sep 12, 1936; ProQuest Historical Newspapers: The Baltimore Afro-American -LRB- 1893-1988 -RRB- pg. 1 -RRB- Ga.Mob Hangs Suspect While Sheriff Sleeps DALTON, Ga. â $'' A.L., Mc-Camy, 21, arrested for breaking into the house and no, was linked here, Sunday, by a mob of about 200 white hoodlums while Sheriff J.T. Sheriff J.T. Bryant slept. McCamy was shot down by the mob, which surrounded the jail, he attempted to escape after the leaders took him from his cell. More or less dead, he was strung up to a telephone pole and his body riddled with bullets. Sheriff J.T. Bryant was asleep in Sheriff J.T. Bryant's quarters adjacent to the jail. Sheriff J.T. Bryant said that when Sheriff J.T. Bryant arrived at the scene of the lynching McCamy was dad and the mob had dispersed. Yearâ $ ™ s Twelfth Lynching McCamyâ $ ™ s dealth marks the 12th lynching of the year, the last being in Fort Smith, Ark., in July, when officers and citizens shot down a preacher â $ `` farmhand, Charles Evans. This community will be remembered as that in which Miss Juliette Derricotte, national YWCA official and capital Fisk University faculty member, was fatally injured in an auto accident, in 1930, and was refused admission to the local hospital. Sherrif Names Three KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -LRB- ANP -RRB- â $'' Three persons will be on the staff of Caroll Cate, Knox County sheriff, who assumed office this week. Rufus Cain and Lindsay Graves have been named deputies and the sheriff has announced the sheriff will appoint as a third as a plain clothes detective at the salary of $ 100 monthly. Young White Methodists Vote Down Unification, 147-17 BEREA COLLEGE, Ky. â $'' White youth attending the Epworth League Institute here voted against unification with M.E. Church, South, 467 to 17 on the ground that the plan called for segregation of colored brethren. Also voted to boycott the Louisville and Nashville Railroad because of its Jim â $ `` crow cars. Bishop Blake, quoted as saying, â $ œwhat else did Kirkpatrick expect?â $ was given the reply: â $ œWe expect Kirkpatrick to live Christianity or quit talking about it.â $ Conservative churchmen sought during the year to curb the liberal movement among young people. Two white leaders, Kirkpatrick and Owengeer, detail here last year, were sent elsewhere. The understanding was that The understanding were two progressive. Juanita Jackson of Baltimore, is a vice â $ `` president of the body. WOMAN ACCUSED OF SLAYING INTRUDER Charged with the fatal shooting of Raymond Jones, 35, who is alleged to have broken into her home, in the 1400 block of Sixth St., Northwest. Tuesday, Miss Mary Price, is detained at the Womenâ $ ™ s Bureau, pending and inquest. Jones died on Tuesday morning shortly after Jones was carried to Friedmanâ $ ™ s hospital suffering from a gunshot wound near the heart. 