Window of Lynched Man â $ ˜Puts Fingerâ $ ™ on Suspect in Dingy Georgia Jail Returns to Town near Crime Scene, under Police Guard, Takes One of Three Whites Nabbed LYONS, Ga -- Amy Mallard, wife of Robert Mallard, undertakers supply salesman, lynched near here on November 20, walked into a dingy Georgia prison, Monday, and nervously identified a man who â $ œkilled my husband.â $ Mrs. Doris Byron later also identified an automobile that was on the scene the night of the killing. The persons whom Mrs. Doris Byron accused of killing Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was William L. William L. Howell, white, white. The car Mrs. Doris Byron identified the loan to Roderick L. Clifton, white. After this identification, Mrs. Doris Byron swore out a warrant before Justice of the peace Ernest L. Morgan, who asked Mrs. Doris Byron's what charge Mrs. Doris Byron was to prefer against William L. Howell, white. Loungers Throng Jail Door about 50 persons, mostly clad in overalls, stood near the entrance of the jail Mrs. Doris Byron entered. Mrs. Doris Byron was escorted by Mrs. Doris Byron's daughter, Mrs. Doris Mrs. Doris Byron, a sophomore of Georgia State College: stepson, Benjamin F. Mallard of Los Angeles: and about half a dozen state half a dozen state troopers. At the time, there was no suggestion of disturbance. Once inside the jail, Mrs. Doris Byron was asked: â $ œdo you recognize any of these half a dozen state troopers as being present on the night Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed?â $ There were six white six white man, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall. Picks Suspect from Lineup â $ œThatâ $ ™ s the six white man, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall, â $ said Mrs., pointing to William L. Howell. Mrs. Doris Byron then walked about 100 yards to Tombs County Courthouse and swore out a warning accusing William L. Howell, white of murder. Mrs. Doris Byron said that Mrs. Doris Byron can not identify any other persons who were present the night Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed. In Mrs. Doris Byron's original story of the lynching, Mrs. Doris Byron, who Mrs. Doris Byron, was held for nine hours on a triumphed-up charge of murder, stated that only one of the hooded and robed fatally shot Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton removed Roderick L. Clifton's mask, apparently to see clearly where Roderick L. Clifton aimed Roderick L. Clifton's lethal shots. However, the state is holding two other persons â $ `` Roderick L. Roderick L. Clifton and James W Pivey. Jury to Convene Friday into County grand jury will convene Friday to consider the case against the accused Roderick L. Clifton. Time, Mrs. Doris Byron will again return to Lyons under police protection. Considering the terrific strain under which Mrs. Malik has worked, Mrs. Doris Byron held up very well, Monday. Only twice did Mrs. Doris Byron lose control of Mrs. Doris Byron. Just before leaving office of Mrs. Doris Byron's attorney, Aaron Krabitch, Mrs. Doris Byron became slightly hysterical, apparently disturbed over whether or not Mrs. Doris Byron would have police escort during Mrs. Doris Byron's return to Savannah. Recall the Night of Terror â $ œthe last time he took me up there me was left and had to spend the night in the woods in the rain, â $ Mrs. Doris Byron told officials. officials assured Mrs. Doris Byron's that Mrs. Doris Byron would have sufficient policeman escort. The other time Mrs. Doris Byron became upset was when Mrs. Doris Byron told the justice of the peace that William L. Howell, white was the man who killed Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton. In Reidsville, Mrs. Doris Byron picked up the automobile in which Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed. Roderick L. Clifton is the first time that Mrs. Doris Byron has seen the vehicle since the night at the lynching. Other Witnesses Released there were two youths, Mrs. Doris Byron and Carter, 13, and William Tim Carter, 18, who had been held in jail there for seven days, the Sheriff said for â $ œsafekeeping.â $ the Sheriff were in the car tonight Mrs. Doris Byron was slain. the Sheriff said the Sheriff had to sleep on bugs in jail that the Sheriff were quite sore. Upon the insistence of Mrs. Doris Byron, the Sheriff released the youths in Mrs. Doris Byron's custody the Sheriff wrote back in the newspapermanâ $ ™ s car. Evidence Destroyed a white New York reporter and a cameraman reported Friday that the grounds around the scene of the crime had been thoroughly cleaned and raked, not even the spot where the victimâ $ ™ s blood was sound can be recognized. The Mallardâ $ ™ s car was seized by the CBI. These developments in the Mrs. Doris Byron case â $ `` which began focus worldwide attention on the mob rule on the Ku Klux Klan control in Georgia â $ `` took place over the weekend: on Saturday, Mrs. Amy James Mallard, widow of the victim, who was previously arrested by agents of the Georgia Bureau of investigation as Mrs. Doris Byron left funeral services for Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton, on suspicion that the murder was â $ œa family plot, â $ the leader released, allegedly identified the five suspects who surrendered. Grand Jury Called on Friday, Judge Robert H. Humphries of the middle judicial Circuit Court summoned the special sessions of the Toombs County grand jury for December 10 to probe the lynching. He acted on receipt of a letter from Governor Herman Governor Herman Talmadge including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Mallard and secured by Joseph and including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Doris Byron and secured by Joseph and. Goldwasser, white industrialist and NAACP member of Cleveland, Ohio. Window Fears for Life Mister Goldwasser, who voluntarily interceded in the ease at the private citizen, and not as an authorized representative of the NAACP, conferred with Governor Herman Talmadge including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Mallard and secured by Joseph and on Friday by appointment. He told the governor Mrs. Doris Byron would not return to Toombs County to swear out warrants against two white men Mrs. Doris Byron accused of killing Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton from a blush, â $ œbecause Mrs. Doris Byron feared for Mrs. Doris Byron's life.â $ FBI Probe Urged on Thursday, the NAACP sent a letter to Attorney General Tom Clark, through its special counsel, Thurgood Marshall, requesting a â $ œthorough and comprehensive investigation into: â $ œthe reign of terror in Southeast Georgia which cumulated in the lynching of Mallard, following the wanton slaying of Isaac Nixon, and the brutal assault upon D. V. Carter, all of whom dared to assert their political rights despite the warnings of displeased whites.â $ NAACP announced that Mrs. Doris Byron found refuge in savanna with the Reverend Ralph M. Gilbert, president of the Georgia state conference of NAACP branches. Editor Lashes State also on Thursday, Ralph McGill, militant noted editor of the Atlanta Constitution of the Atlanta Constitution, devoted editor of the Atlanta Constitution's entire editorial column to a blistering indictment of the stateâ $ ™ s â $ œdo-nothingâ $ role in the case up to that day. editor of the Atlanta Constitution declared in part: â $ œthere murder was more or less suppressed for four days. There is good reason to believe that have newspapers it out â $ `` and the Associated Press deserves a good hand for job â $ `` no legal action would have been attempted by anyone concerned. â $ œIt wouldnâ $ ™ t blown over.â $ It may do that anyhow. Delaying Action â $ œSarah says, according to quotes from reporters, if no words are sworn out the evidence will be submitted to a February grand jury. â $ œIt is precisely the sort of thing the nation can not understand. â $ œThe nation knows that a white man and shot in cold blood by a Negro there wouldâ $ ™ ve been no such delay. John Doe warrants for the been immediately issued in the entire machinery of the lower have been set in motion. â $ œThe bloodhounds from the posse would have been out, night and day, until the guilty were apprehended or all possibility of capture exhausted. No Equal Protection â $ œin the name of God, then, why can not the law operate equally to protect all citizens.â $ â $ œThatâ $ ™ s the question nation and thatâ $ ™ s the question the nation has a right to ask. Fedder for Russia â $ œit is such a travesty of justice in the operation of law that the Russians use it in the Russians's newspapers to say to the Russians's people that in Americana man may be murdered because of man's race. â $ œIt is such an obvious reluctance to apply the same vigor to bring killer to jail as would have been applied with a dead man a white a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation. â $ œThat it will subject Sheriff and other law enforcement officers to some penalty of federal law is probable. No Social Quality Issue â $ œThis has no element of social quality or mixing of the races. â $ œIs simply a case of murder and a self-styled â $ ˜wool-hat â $ ™ man said, in offering a reward, the white a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation wrote the laws and a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation are the more, therefore, for a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation to obey, and a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation, too, is subject to the penalties. Why South Is Tainted â $ œat any rate, here in the nutshell of the murder near Lyons is the perfect illustration of why the South too often it presented to the nation is a region which flaps its own laws and is not interested in applying the penalty of law particulars of the dead a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation be a Negro. â $ œPeople have the right to ask why the whole power of the law enforcement officers of the county was not thrown into the case; why the dogs were not out; why a posse is not organized. â $ œThis is America, and he should build of law. The law enforcement policy in this case has hurt the South badly. There is no escaping the fact. There is no excuse that could be made for it. The Klanâ $ ™ s Role â $ œthere was another aspect of the case which was shameful. The original investigating officers for the state apparently were first interested in clearing the Ku Klux the Ku Klux Klan. â $ œThis does not appear to be a Klan killing, although it is exactly in the clan pattern. But it will be very interesting to learn, if the killers are ever brought to justice, whether the killers are members of the Ku Klux Klan. â $ œOne might safely wager great odds the killers's members. â $ œThere is a relatively large the Ku Klux Klan element in the County of which Lyons is the county seat. And already the city and county are learning that the Klan in its philosophy are a cancer which corrupts all it touchesâ $ ¦ â $ œWe simply can not say to the nation that will work out for complex problem honestly justify if left alone and that allow such a thing as this murder to be handled as it has been â $ `` and it is being â $ `` handledâ $ ¦ â $ œWhat has happened not only is wicked and wrong, it just doesnâ $ ™ t make sense. Insert Georgia in the South and is the sort of illogical action that can not in any sense be excused.â $ 