LYNCHERS LAUGH AS THEY HANG INNOCENT LAD THOMASVILLE, Georgia. -LRB- ANP -RRB- â $'' Strangling the sheriff's cries that the sheriff could prove the sheriff's innocence and that the sheriff was in jail at the time of the alleged crime, Willie Kirkland, 20 year-old-youth, charged with an attempted rape of a white school a white school girl, was strung to a tree and the sheriff's body riddled with bullets by a mob of laughing, howling and jesting white the white men, here Thursday. The mob then tied the lifeless and bullet-ridden torso to a truck and, after dragging it through the negro section of the city, dumped it on the lawn of the court house. Taken from Sheriff Following the story told by a nine-year-old white girl that she has been attacked by a negro Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland was arrested and taken before the child who declared that the sheriff has attempted to assault she, but that she had fought she's assailant off and ran home. Sheriff George E. Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland, white, who arrested Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland, was on the sheriff's way from the stockade where the boy had been serving a term for the alleged theft of a horse, when the sheriff was met by the mob. There was a short parley wherein the sheriff is said to have asked the white the white men to allow the law to take its course. During this proceeding the father of the girl of the white school girl leveled the father of the girl's shot-gun at Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland and was about to shoot when members of the mob made the father of the girl wait until all could take part. The sheriff was then taken from the sheriff, heavily manacled, and carried out in the neighborhood of Magnolia Gardens, a wealthy suburb, where the lynching took place. Pleads Innocence. While Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland pleaded that Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland was innocent and could prove it, the white men hooted and laughed. For more than an hour the white men tortured the white men's victim and after stringing Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland to a tree limb, the white men circled about in Indian style, firing volley after volley, into the body. Blood seeped through Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland's torn clothing and when dumped on the lawn of the court house, flesh has been torn from the body from the dragging through the streets. The mob proceeded about its work unmolested by authorities and without interference from leading citizens. 