Well-to-Do Fisherman Slain Near Own Pond BAINBRIDGE, Ga. â $'' The body of a 53-year-old Hollis Riles, well-to-do 200-acre farm owner, lay in the morgue of a local undertaker Sunday, as sheriffâ $ ™ s investigators and FBI agents launched a probe into his's slaying that had all the earmarks of a lynching. Riles was shot by five white five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E. White whom his had ordered off his's fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E. White. his's body was found Friday night propped up against a tree where his had staggered after being hit with 13 buckshot. The murder took place in the extreme northeast of Decatur County, about 14 miles from Bainbridge. Calls It Premeditated Murder. Sheriff White expressed belief it was a case of premeditated murder, since Sheriff White was still investigating an incident of last May. At that time, Sheriff White $ ™ s house was riddled with bullets fired from an unidentified automobile after Sheriff White had attempted to keep several white men from fishing in Sheriff White's pond. A coronerâ $ ™ s jury, which conducted an inquest by flashlight Friday night, found that Riles came to Riles's death from wounds â $ œinflicted by unknown parties.â $ Jess Gordon, 52, who accompanied Riles to Riles's pond, which is known as a fishing paradise, was a witness to the shooting. Felt Life in Danger Riles told Sheriff White that Riles and the farm owner went to the pond Friday afternoon. Gordon planned to fish. Riles carried Gordon's shotgun, having feared for some months Gordon's life was in danger. They found two white men lounging under a tree, They's guns beside They. At the pond They found two other white two other white men, one of whom had a string of fish, one of whom had a string of fish. Riles told the white two other white men, one of whom had a string of fish the pond was posted and They must either get off or pay for the privilege of fishing. One of the five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E. White gave the fish to Gordon after commenting that They did not know the pond was posted and promised to leave at once. Shortly afterwards, Gordon said Gordon heard shots and stood up to see four or five men shooting at Riles as Gordon ran across a clearing. The Gordon did not return Gordon's fire, Gordon said. Two more shots were heard about five minutes after the first shots, Gordon said. License Plates Covered The witness said Gordon watched two cars drive away. The license plate of one of the vehicles was covered, according to Gordon. Gordon said Gordon did not know the five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E. White and felt sure five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E. White were not from that section of Decatur County. After running a half mile to Rileâ $ ™ s house, Gordon returned later to the scene with Sheriff White and Mrs. Riles and Mrs. Riles. Sheriff White and Mrs. Riles found the Gordon in a sitting position against a tree. Estimates were Gordon had been dead more than an hour. Sheriff White found three shotgun shells, wadding, and a tree that had been pierced by a rifle bullet. Sheriff White $ ™ s gun was not found. A county roads scraper had erased all tire tracks leading to the murder scene between the time the killers drove away and Sheriff White reached the scene. The Sheriff White asked FBI agents to aid in the murder probe. 