GEORGIANS SOAK MAN IN â $ œGASâ $; BURN HIM ALIVE Aleed Slayer Tortured by Mob for Twelve Hours. MUTILATE BODY Charred Remains Hanged from Gum Tree OCILLA, Ga â $ `` James The lynching Irwin aged 25, accused of raping and killing a 16-year-old white girl, was lynched by a mob several hundred persons here Sunday morning. The lynching Irwin was married and the father of one child. The lynching Irwin was captured after a posse of more than 1000 men thoroughly covered the neighborhood in an all-night search. The lynching The lynching Irwin took place at the scene of the alleged crime where a huge funeral pyre up boxes, twigs, leaves, dead grass and logs were collected. Body Mutilated The victim was mutilated with knives, boundary wire, then saturated with gasoline and tossed into the flames. Members of the mob used long poles to prevent the wired figure from rolling out. Hanged To Tree After a while The lynching Irwin was dragged from the flames and hanged from a black gum tree. The body was not removed until late Sunday afternoon. The orgy lasted for 24 hours, from 6 oâ $ ™ clock Saturday afternoon until after sunset Sunday. The actual torture covered 12 hours. Members of the posse came from several counties to join in the hunt which lasted throughout Saturday night. 75 members of the white mob were present when the capture ofâ $ ¦ was affected through theâ $ ¦. Bloodhounds. Tricked by Mob Sheriff W. E. Sheriff W. E. Tyler said Sheriff W. E. Tyler was under the impression that the members mob going to aid Sheriff W. E. Tyler in two deputies in getting the prisoner to jail. It is not until they were almost in the city, Sheriff W. E. Tyler said, but they were overpowered and they lost they's the prisoner. The lynching Irwin was wounded three times early tonight and attempting to escape from the mob. Last Lynching 1926 The last lynching in the state occurred on August 30, 1925, when David Wright, a white man, was taken from jail by a mob in Coffee County. The Macon telegraph, editorially, declared Monday that the mob of 1000 white 1000 white men Sheriff W. E. Tyler who mutilated and burned James The lynching Irwin did more and then send to eternity the brutal soul of the black. 1000 white men lynched justice in Georgia. 