Beaten for Taking Voters to Polls D. V. CRTER -LRB- left -RRB- of Montgomery County, G., who was assaulted as a result of $ stated Carter's activity in carrying colored voters to the polls in $ stated Carter's automobile to vote in the Democratic primary election, is shown with Franklin H. Williams of New York, assistant special council for the NAACP. Mr. $ stated Carter is president of the NAACP in Montgomery County. Ga.. Assault Victim Asks for Vote Fight Support Continued Drive for Ballot Rights Essential, NAACP Branch Heads Told ATLANTA, Ga. â $ `` D. V. Carter Montgomery County NAACP branch president, who was brutally assaulted for carrying voters to the polls in his automobile for the Georgia Democratic primary election, last week appealed to all NAACP branches for assistance in guaranteeing colored citizens in the South the right to vote without fear or intimidation. â $ œIf the whole Association are to secure strong branch strong branch presidents to carry forward out program, strong branch presidents must know that the whole the whole Association backs strong branch presidents up as strong branch presidents fight in the â $ ˜front lineâ $ ™ trenches in places like Georgia, â $ stated $ stated Carter in a letter addressed to all NAACP branch presidents. He told of He's branchâ $ ™ s intensive two-year drive in rural Georgia County to get colored citizens to exercise their constitutional right to exercise colored citizens to exercise their constitutional right's constitutional right to vote, and of He's personal activity in driving many of these voters to the poll son the day of the election. Fled to Atlanta â $ œBut there are white men in Georgia who do not know the meaning of the Constitution of the United Sates of the United Sates, â $ stated Carter wrote. â $ œIt was a group of these men who attacked the Constitution of the United Sates on the Constitution of the United Sates's way home from the polls on Sept. 8, beating the Constitution of the United Sates with iron bars until the Constitution of the United Sates was bloody, breaking the Constitution of the United Sates's wrist, and ordering the Constitution of the United Sates at the point of a gun to go home and not to be caught hauling any more people to the polls.â $ The 41-year-old $ stated Carter fled to Atlanta to seek refuge after the assault, but his wife and ten children and ten children had to remain in Montgomery County despite fear for his wife and ten children's safety, because there is no place for them to go. Identifies Assailants $ stated Carter told NAACP attorneys in Atlanta that one of $ stated Carter's assailants Johnnie Johnson, was one of the two brothers recently acquitted in the slaying of Isaac Nixon, 28-year-old Montgomery County man who had voted in the same primary election despite warnings from whites. Another of the men who attacked Carter who attacked $ stated Carter was Thomas Wilkes, a brother-in-law to Johnsons. Both of these the men who attacked Carter have notorious records in the county for assaults on colored. Montgomery County is adjacent to Toombs County where Robert Mallard, prosperous salesman, was recently lynched, allegedly because of political activity. 