VICTIMS OF MOBS. Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia, was taken out of Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's house Saturday night by a mob of five men, carried out in the woods and whipped severely and then shot. Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia died soon afterwards. Before death came, however, Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia related to a number of white men and colored persons the manner in which Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia was handled, and told the names of three of Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's assailants. They were, according to Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's statement, Perry Barnes, Henry Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia and Westley Waters, all white men. The names of the others Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia did not seem to know. Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia said the five men came to Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's house and hailed Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia at the door. When it was opened five men came in with guns and held Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's his wife at bay while five men carried Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia away. After five men had been gone sometime Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's his wife heard several guns fired. Sometime in the night McBride returned to McBride's house, badly beaten and shot in the back in several places. Several of the white neighbors were notified and went to see the negro, running out, and took the negro, running out's testimony. The coronerâ $ ™ s jury recommended the arrest of the men whose names are given above whose names are given above, and officers are searching for the men whose names are given above. A few days ago J.A. Bishop, a prominent farmer of Wilcox county, Ga., was murdered on an Atlantic and Birmingham train by a negro named Scott, who at once escaped, but was located Sunday night in a house near the village of Rebecca. He refused to leave the house, which thereupon was burned by the mob, and the negro, running out, running out, was shot two or three times. It is said He made a confession implicating others, who are now being sought for by the mob. 