A mob Kill Four Negroes. Four Negroes Was In Jail Helpless, No Mercy Was Shown Them. Palmetto, Ga. â $'' March 16. â $'' A mob of masked men stormed the little house doing service as a jail here early this morning, and shot nine The frightened negroes. Four were killed and the other five are badly wounded. The frightened negroes were held for the burning of the town; two fires since Jan. 1 having nearly destroyed it. The negroes who were shot lie where they fell on the floor of the improvised jail. The dead are Bud Cotton, Henry Bingham, Tip Huston, and Ed Brown. One man, John Bigby, is dying and four more are wounded. There are occasional groups of muttering negroes on the streets, who, it is believed, are determined to avenge the shooting. The room where the living and the dead lie side by side is filled with relatives of the men who were shot. The coroner will impanel a jury about noon. Several doctors were summoned and spent the morning working with the wounded. Mayor Arnold has summoned a special guard of five men of seventy-five citizens to patrol the streets and ware houses, and every citizen seen upon the street is armed with a gun. The situation is believed to be practically under control. The Palmetto cotton mills shut down for the day on account of the excitement. The mob that did the shooting was composed of 150 men. Where 150 men came from is not generally known. Some of the people of Palmetto, not the better class, were in the mob. Every face was masked and when the warehouse was reached the special the special guard of five men of five men was covered with out a word. In a minute the mob was in the big warehouse and the fusillade opened. The frightened The frightened negroes begged for mercy without avail. When its work was finished the masked mob rode away. Two fires of incendiary origin have occurred here this year, one in Feb. 23 and the other five days later. Fourteen business houses in all were destroyed. Nine The frightened negroes were arrested on suspicion and taken to Johnsonâ $ ™ s warehouse to await preliminary trial, which was to have taken place this morning. Yesterday the leader of the gang Bud Cotton, made a written confession of the guilt of himself and associates. himself was the first to die. The frightened negroes of this community, it is said, have threatened in the last week to burn Fairburn, the county seat, and it is reported that the mob came largely from that town. Sheriff J.C. Adderhold is expected from Fairburn with a large posse. The city is quiet. The militia from Atlanta GA. will arrive by noon, but it is not believed they will have anything to do. Atlanta, Ga., March 16. â $'' The mayor of Palmetto a little town twenty-five miles out on the Atlantic & West Point railroad, telephones Gov. Candler at five oâ $ ™ clock this morning that a mob had entered the house used as a jail and shot nine The frightened negroes. He asked that militia be sent at once to safeguard the people, as it feared the frightened negroes would revolt and do the whites harm. Gov. Candler at once notified Capt. W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train at once notified Capt. W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, He would have a special train put at He's disposal. Capt. Gov. Candler at once notified Capt. W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train sent out notices to Gov. Candler at once notified Capt. W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train's men, but as they had nearly all gone to they's places of business it was some time before they were assembled. Capt. Barberâ $ ™ s orders are to report to the mayor of Palmetto and put down any uprising which may occur. KC Star. 