NEGROES LYNCHED. Troops Have Been Ordered Out by Governor Chandler. Atlanta, Ga., Feb. 11. â $'' A telephone message to-night from Leesburg, in the southern part of the state, says a mob took Cupid Redding and two unknown two unknown negroes from the jail there to-night and lynched two unknown negroes. The two unknown negroes were delivered after a short parley with the sheriff and the mob entered the jail. The two unknown negroes were secured, and according to the telephone advices the mob started for the woods with two unknown negroes. Governor Candler to-night ordered a company of state militia from Albany to Leesburg to prevent, if possible, the lynching of a negro at the latter place at the latter place. It was reported to the sheriff of Lee county that a party of lynchers would take the regular night train at Smithville and come to Leesburg for the purpose of lynching the negro at the latter place. The governor was not informed of the negroâ $ ™ s name, but was told that The governor had been arrested and jailed at Leesburg during the afternoon. The black men lynched are believed to have been concerned in the outrage of a Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century. In December the house of John Maroney, a school teacher, was entered by Cupid Redding and two companions. The leader of the black trio of the black trio ordered Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century to tie a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century's husbandâ $ ™ s hands behind The leader of the black trio's back, after which they bound The leader of the black trio to a bed. The two unknown negroes then ransacked the house, and having completed this part of two unknown negroes's work, Cupid Redding outraged Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century in spite of a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century's helpless and infuriated husband. The two unknown negroes escaped, and although the state had offered heavy rewards, Cupid Redding was not captured until this afternoon. Cupid Redding's two accomplices, however, whose names are unknown, were arrested 10 days ago. Leesburg has no night operator and information by telegraph is unobtainable. 