A Georgia Burning. There is something more urgently needed in Georgia than the elimination of the hookworm from the system of the `` Cracker.'' Georgia needs civilizing. The other day a negro the Rev. John Harvard, John Harvard, was burned to death at the stake near Cochran, Ga. because he had shot and mortally wounded a white the white man's in a quarrel, not of he's seeking and in which he stood an equal chance of being shot. he's crime was without any of those revolting features which sometimes are offered in justification of the summary meting out of justice to the negroes of the south. The crime was without premeditation. A team of mules the negro's was driving was frightened by the white the white man's automobile. There was a quarrel. Pistols were drawn by both participants, but the negro's gun work was earlier and accurate. The negro's was captured in an hour or two -- in fact, the negro's was not stated that the negro's attempted to escape. the negro's was given time to pray, and then was burned, to the greater disgrace of Georgia. The quarrel between the mule driver and the automobilist was not unlike hundreds that used to take place in the northern states, notably in New York and New England, between automobilists and other citizens, before the speed laws were put into operation and before the right of the automobilists to live was clearly defined in a special interpretation of the law against homicide. Previous to that time the New England the New England farmer believed the automobilist to be a nuisance always subject to abatement. The puncturing of a tire with a bullet was frequently considered by the New England farmer to be full satisfaction, but now and then a shot was taken at the motorist himself. The automobilist was largely to blame for the bucolic hostility that was excited against himself. himself's carelessness and sometimes himself's cussedness in the matter of scaring farm-reared horses by unnecessary' `` honk-honking'' almost justified the homicidal wrath of the farmers. Who knows but the Rev. John the Rev. John Harvard was provoked out of a clerical attitude by a careless automobile driver? 