0	The mob is said to be still on the hunt for negroes, and it is probable that two more will be lynched.
1	PALMETTO, Ga., April 25.
2	The body of Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, the negro implicated by Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him in the killing of Alfred one good Winchester, was found swinging to the limb of a tree about one mile from town.
3	The ears and fingers were cut off and the body was pinned a placard bearing these words:  We must protect our Southern women.
4	Lige Strickland, a negro preacher was a negro minister, 60 years of age.
5	Sam Hose, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under him, just as the torch was about to be applied to the pile of wood under Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, admitted killing Alfred one good Winchester, but said that Lige Strickland, a negro preacher had given Lige Strickland, a negro preacher $ 12 to do the deed.
6	The question of protection for the white the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts in the sparsely settled farming districts is the topic of the day.
7	The Atlanta Constitution devotes a page to a collection of opinions on how proper protection can be afforded to the women of the country.
8	Of the matter Governor Chandler has this to say:  The question for protection for women and homes in the country is one of deep interest and which weights upon my's heart.
9	my think the wisest plan for protection will be fore the legislature to take up the matter and provide a sufficient state militia and funds to be expended for a patrol in the country districts.
10	Oates Would Arm the Women Former Governor William J. Oates expressed one good Winchester as follows:  My first suggestion is that all homes should be made miniature arsenals, at least to the extent of one good one good Winchester and one good pistol; that the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts be allowed to carry weapons upon the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts's persons, concealed if so desired, and that the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts be taught the use and handling of firearms so the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts may become the white women in the sparsely settled farming districts's own protectors in the absence of the husband of master of the house.
11	An occasional negro lying dead in the backyard, shot by a brave woman in defense of her honor, will do more to stop this awful crime than all the lynching that may occur in a year.
12	my would have every county, supplied with at least half dozen well trained bloodhounds.
13	Before the torch was touched to the pyre the every negro was deprived of every negro's ears, fingers and other portions of every negro's anatomy.
14	The every negro pleaded pitifully for every negro's life while the mutilation was going on, but stood the ordeal of fire with surprising fortitude.
15	Before the body was cool it was cut to pieces, the bones were crushed into small bits and even the tree upon which the wretch met the wretch's fate was torn up and disposed of as souvenirs.
16	The mob was composed of citizens of Newnan, Griffin, Palmetto and other little towns in the country round about Newnan and of all the farmers who had received word that the burning was to take place.
17	Before being put to death the every negro stated that every negro had been paid $ 12 by Lige Strickland, a negro preacher, a negro preacher at Palmetto, to kill Cranford.
18	ATLANTA, Ga., May 7.
19	The news just reached here of the lynching last night of Dan Sales, colored, near the village of Danbury by a party of twenty-five men.
20	The negro was caught attempting to commit a nameless crime upon Miss Smith, a school teacher in that neighborhood.
21	Some think that hasty action was taken, as the negro is said to be of unsound mind.
22	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him that robbed J.E.
23	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding J.E.
24	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold and assaulted J.E.
25	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's wife in J.E.
26	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's presence.
27	Since the crime was committed hunting parties have been out in search of the guilty Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes.
28	One of the Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes appeared at an old darkey' s hut near Brinson, Ga., and asked to be harbored.
29	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold went to Brinson and informed the authorities of J.E.
30	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's presence.
31	A posse returned with J.E.
32	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold and Captured the Negro Who gave J.E.
33	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's name as Louis Sammin.
34	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold was taken to Saffold where J.E.
35	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold was identified by Mr. and Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Ogletree as one of Mr. and Mrs. Ogletree's assailants.
36	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold said there were eight Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes of J.E.
37	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold's a gang that robbed J.E.
38	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him and that Saffold, Ga., Lynches Three Negroes were from Augusta.
39	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold said that two of the gang that robbed J.E.
40	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him were not far away.
41	One portion of the mob went in pursuit of these two while the other hanged Louis Sammin and riddled Louis Sammin's body with bullets.
42	The other two were overtaken, shot and scalped, a party bringing a party's scalps to Saffold later.
43	A hundred A hundred men with bloodhounds with bloodhounds are after the remaining five members of the gang that robbed J.E.
44	Ogletree, agent of the Plant system at Saffold, Thursday night, afterward binding him and if caught A hundred men with bloodhounds will be lynched.
45	Ryder, the white man lynched in Talbot county last week, Governor Atkinson offered the following rewards: Five hundred dollars for the arrest and conviction of the first two members of the mob that lynched Ryder; $ 100 for each subsequent arrest and conviction and $ 250 for the arrest and conviction of any person or persons hindering or interfering with the bringing of the lynchers to justice.
46	The Governor Atkinson announces that Governor Atkinson has in Governor Atkinson's possession the names of several of the lynching mob, which numbered only 15, with positive proof against three of them.
47	Governor Atkinson expresses Governor Atkinson's determination to exert the full power of Governor Atkinson's office to punish the guilty parties.
48	A mob estimated at 500 compose the shooting and burning party.
49	The crime for which the Negro was best punished was that of committing a criminal assault upon Revie Reeves, the thirteen-year-old daughter of the well-known the well-known farmer.
50	After the little the white girl he had assaulted in his body dragged a distance of about a mile into the city and burned at the stake in the public square had protected the Negro from the attack the large dog owned by her's father the well-known farmer followed her to the pasture, where her was taking the cow, caught her, choked her to insensibility and left her's bleeding and unconscious in a cornfield.
51	DALTON, Ga., Aug. 29.
52	Nine leading Nine leading citizens of Murray county of Murray county have been indicted for complicity in the assassin of Hosea Jones.
53	Nine leading citizens of Murray county are Henry Fincher, George Mullins, Barlow Mullins, William Collins, James Bramlett, Lem James Bramlett, Colonel Welch and two others.
54	Twelve disguised Twelve disguised men went to the house of Hosea Jones last May and called Hosea Jones to the door, shoot Hosea Jones dead in the presence of Hosea Jones's wife and children, under pretense that Hosea Jones had maltreated Twelve disguised men.
55	The terrified The terrified prisoner was found cowering in The terrified prisoner's cell with other prisoners.
56	A rope was placed about The terrified prisoner's neck and several of the mob dragged The terrified prisoner out.
57	The terrified prisoner seemed paralyzed with fright and fell.
58	The terrified prisoner was lifted up and The terrified prisoner fell again.
59	Then the mob dragged The terrified prisoner out and when a telegraph pole was reached, The terrified prisoner was strung up and left to die.
60	Thirty Blacks Killed Thirty Negroes Killed Thirty Negroes have been killed in the city within the past few hours and scores have been badly beaten and injured.
61	The city went wild over assaults on twelve white women by Negroes and a mob early Sunday morning took possession of the streets and for several hours shot and beat all Blacks that could be found.
62	The authorities were powerless to restore order, even with the aid of the fire department, and an appeal was made to the governor for troops.
63	The trouble started late Saturday night when a Negro brutally assaulted a Mrs. Arnold.
64	After being roughly handled, the woman managed to escape and ran screaming into a neighbor' s house.
65	Mob Fills Streets News of the assault spread rapidly and crowds of men began gathering on the street corners and saloons where threats of wholesale lynchings were made.
66	About this time, news of another assault was circulated and fifteen minutes later, a mob of frenzied men filled the streets and started to round up every black in the vicinity.
67	Victim after victim after victim was shot and killed and many were wounded and beaten before Victim after victim could escape.
68	the troops Ordered Out Prompt response was made to the call for troops and the militia was ordered to the scene.
69	Today, the troops control the situation in the city and quiet has been restored.
70	In the suburbs, however, the disturbances still continue and it is likely that detachments of militia will be sent there to preserve order.
71	Feeling against the Thirty Blacks Killed Thirty Negroes is intense and if the troops were not here, it is probable the enraged citizens would begin a war of extermination.
72	Every saloon in the city has been closed and will remain closed until all danger of writing is over.
73	The record includes only cases of unmistakable lynching, leaving out those in which the victims were killed by pursuing posses while resisting capture.
74	The record for last year was seventy-two.
75	Crimes charged against those lynched range from robbery to assault and murder.
76	It is worthy of notice that none of the victims was lynched for such petty or trivial crimes as in some previous years.
77	A large majority of the victims were guilty of criminal assault or attempted criminal assault.
78	Louisiana in Lead The lynchings were most numerous in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Louisiana.
79	Farther north there were two lynchings in Maryland and one each in Missouri, Iowa and Nebraska.
80	Altogether there were lychings in twelve states.
81	The largest number occurred in the hot summer months, cold weather apparently being a deterrent influence.
82	Following is a complete list of lynchings, by states, with the names of victims and the crimes for which they were put to death: Alabama Will Scott, assault; Cleveland Harding, attempted assault; Mose Dossett, attempted assault; Abe Sumroll, murder; Hank Lucas, protecting murderer; Fred Singleton, murder; Neal Sanders, assault.
83	Arkansas Two negresses, assault to do murder; Sam Fleming, attempted murder.
84	White Men Lynched Georgia Charlie Harris, attempted murder; Flem Padget, attempted assault; Padget woman, aiding fugitive; Dock Posey -LRB- white -RRB-, assault; George Herbert, wounding white man; unknown negro, robberty.
85	Iowa James Cullen -LRB- white -RRB-, wife murder.
86	Louisiana Flint Williams, murder and robbery; Harry Gardner, murder and robbery; Charley Strauss, attempted assault; Fred Kilbourne, attempted assault; Silar Faley, assault; Henry Johnson, attempted assault; James Wilson, attempted assault; Ralph Dorans, assault; unknown negro, attempted assault; Homer Rogers, impudence.
87	Maryland James Reed, murder; William Burns, murder.
88	Mississippi Henry Bill, assault; Lee Fox, murder; John Lipsey, assault; three negroes, robbery; Henry Sykes, threatening a woman.
89	Brannon -LRB- white -RRB-, murder.
90	Nebraska Louis Higgins -LRB- white -RRB-, double murder.
91	Oklahoma Jim Williams, assault; Frank Bailey, attempted murder.
92	Tennessee Will Clifford, assault and murder.
93	Texas Tom Hall, attempted assault; Alex Johnson, assault.
94	-- Herbert Simmons, a negro, was lynched here during the day for the killing of J.
95	Park, a white man, a white man.
96	The negro was taken from the officers by infuriated citizens while being taken to the Zebulon Jail.
97	After being strung up to a tree a negro's body was riddled with bullets.
98	Park, a white man was murdered on the night of Dec. 27, J.
99	Park, a white man's skull being crushed in with a large stick.
100	The coroner' s verdict was that J.
101	Park, a white man came to J.
102	Park, a white man's death it the hands of Herbert Simmons.
103	Shot to Death and the Body Burned at the Stake.
104	Cedartown, Ga., Aug. 23 Jim Glover, a Negro, was shot to death Monday night near the home of the white girl he had assaulted and he's body dragged a distance of about a mile into he's city and burned at the stake on the courthouse square.
105	A mob estimated at 500 compose the shooting and burning party.
106	Atrocious Crimes That Should be Investigated by the Government.
107	The accounts of the so-called  race riot at Jessup, Ga., do not read very differently from other affairs of the kind that have happened in the South in recent years.
108	All the leading features are the same.
109	The creation of  trouble by some unfortunate black, who was probably the last citizen in town to wish to give trouble; the gathering and arming of the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day to resist an  attack that is not even contemplated; then the movement and assault upon the negroes, who are chased with bullets and blows to the swamps, there to be shot down as fast as they can be found, or if they attempt to emerge from they's hiding-places; a few straggling shots from the hunted quarry, which haply strike down a couple of the pursuers; then wholesale vengeance, slaughter and  punishment -- these are the points of the  race riot that continues to remain an institution existing only in the Southern States.
110	The question naturally arises: If the dispatches sent to Northern newspapers, one-sided as they are, convey the slightest idea of the atrocities visited on the negroes, what sort of sentiment would those atrocities arouse if they were described in all they's actual enormity?
111	According to the latest telegrams from Jessup, three white three white men have fallen in the present disturbance, while nearly a score of blacks have been killed or wounded.
112	This is rather in excess of the usual average.
113	As a general thing the casualties in a  race riot are at the rate of about 40 to 1, with the odds, of course, in favor of the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day.
114	From whatever cause the fighting on Christmas Day may have originated, the acts of the vengeance-seeking the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day on the following day were cruel, devilish and detestable beyond power of description.
115	The most atrocious act of all was the deliberate murder of two defenseless negroes who had been captured and locked up in jail.
116	At two o'clock in the morning a mob of whites surrounded the building, battered down the doors and entered the cell where the wounded captives lay.
117	It was in pitchy darkness.
118	One of the new comers lit a match, and by its flickering light one of the prisoners, Peter Jackson was shot to death.
119	This performance was repeated in the case of Bill Hopps, the other prisoner, and, leaving the corpses where they lay, the murderers left.
120	A coroner's jury subsequently decided that the killing was the work of parties unknown!
121	For the next twelve hours the vengeance-seeking whites on the following day engaged in a flogging crusade.
122	All the buggy whips in the town wore bought up, and detachments of torturers half-a-dozen strong visited houses inhabited by negroes and mercilessly whipped the inmates.
123	The large majority of those thus punished thus punished were females, and the condition of many of those thus punished, when those thus punished's tormentors had finished with those thus punished, is described as pitiable in the extreme.
124	Bullets for the three white men, whips for the women, seemed to be the motto of the avengers, and the avengers lived up to it.
125	It is no wonder that the negroes of the South leap with delight at emigration schemes.
126	One  race riot such as this is sufficient to inoculate a desire in the most lethargic of  niggers to change his's quarters.
127	Not until his does so is his safe, apparently.
128	his's white masters are determined to rule his with terrorism and blood.
129	his must submit to seeing his's his friends ill-treated, for if his lifts a hand in his friends's defense his will precipitate a  race riot and then, woe be unto his and his's fellows!
130	The Southern  race riot is ono of the horrors of the age.
131	This last one should be investigated by the Government.
132	Macon, Ga., June 10.
133	W. Cope Winslow, Jr., whose father was one of the leading members of the Georgia bar, was instantly killed by a negro named  Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley named  Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley.
134	The negro named  Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley owed Mr. Winslow a small sum of money and was asked to work out the debt.
135	Mr. Winslow refused and shot Mr. Winslow through the head.
136	Peavy was soon captured and turned over to the sheriff.
137	At 9 o' clock tonight the guard was overpowered and the negro named  Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley hanged.
138	a negro named  Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley's body was riddled with bullets.
139	the police had already murdered George Grant a few moments after George Grant was placed in George Grant's cell, before the police slew Bryan who was arrested on suspicion only Mayor R. A.
140	Young issued a statement that Bryan was perfectly innocent of any participation in the shooting affray in which Robert Freeman, white, Glynn County chief of police, met George Grant's death but no effort will be made to reprimand or bring the guilty officers to trial.
141	Chief George Grant was shot when two men return desire after George Grant attempted to arrest two men because two men were seen near a bank.
142	Before George Grant died, George Grant said that George Grant had an idea that might be trying to rob the bank and opened fire.
143	The alleged robbers escaped after fatally wounding the George Grant, and the police have since slain to innocent men in an effort to even things up.
144	the police are still rounding up suspects.
145	DALTON, Ga., August 29.
146	Nine leading Nine leading citizens of Murray county of Murray county have been indicted for complicity in the assassin of Hosea Jones.
147	Nine leading citizens of Murray county are Henry Fincher, George Mullins, Barlow Mullins, William Collins, James, Branlett, Lem Bramlet, Colonel Welch and others.
148	Twelve distinguished Twelve distinguished men went to the house of Hosea Jones last May and called Hosea Jones to the door, shoot Hosea Jones dead in the presence of Hosea Jones's wife and children, under the pretense that Hosea Jones had maltreated Twelve distinguished men.
149	DALTON, Ga., Oct 24, 1892   This little city is in a tumult of excitement over the work of a mob of masked men.
150	Shortly after midnight at least one hundred and fifty mounted men approached the town from all directions and threw out a picket line.
151	At a signal the circle closed in, capturing the policemen, and rode to the cabins of two colored men.
152	Jack Wilson was killed by a bullet, Jack Wilson's wife badly beaten, and Tom Moye was severely pounded.
153	On a promise from the City Marshal to warn other families to leave the town in ten days, the mob departed, firing their's guns and pistols as their went.
154	The best people in the town have raised $ 800 with which to ferret out and punish the ringleaders.
155	A committee was sent to interview Governor Northen and ask Governor Northen's aid.
156	The lynching Irwin was married and the father of one child.
157	The lynching Irwin was captured after a posse of more than 1000 men thoroughly covered the neighborhood in an all-night search.
158	The lynching The lynching Irwin took place at the scene of the alleged crime where a huge funeral pyre up boxes, twigs, leaves, dead grass and logs were collected.
159	Body Mutilated The victim was mutilated with knives, boundary wire, then saturated with gasoline and tossed into the flames.
160	Members of the mob used long poles to prevent the wired figure from rolling out.
161	Hanged To Tree After a while The lynching Irwin was dragged from the flames and hanged from a black gum tree.
162	The body was not removed until late Sunday afternoon.
163	The orgy lasted for 24 hours, from 6 o' clock Saturday afternoon until after sunset Sunday.
164	The actual torture covered 12 hours.
165	Members of the posse came from several counties to join in the hunt which lasted throughout Saturday night.
166	75 members of the white mob were present when the capture of  was affected through the .
167	It is not until they were almost in the city, Sheriff W. E. Tyler said, but they were overpowered and they lost they's the prisoner.
168	The lynching Irwin was wounded three times early tonight and attempting to escape from the mob.
169	Last Lynching 1926 The last lynching in the state occurred on August 30, 1925, when David Wright, a white man, was taken from jail by a mob in Coffee County.
170	1000 white men lynched justice in Georgia.
171	Cracker State Mob Gets 5th Lynch Victim BOX SPRINGS, Ga.
172	The bullet-riddled body of Philip Baker, 33, the fifth lynching victim of the year, was found in a swamp near here, Saturday.
173	Baker, accused of assaulting one white one white woman, and of beating another white one white woman, and a colored girl, was taken from Sheriff J.T.
174	Van Horn and two deputies by an armed and masked mob of approximately forty men.
175	The suspect was arrested on December 31, and was taken to Macon, Ga., for safekeeping.
176	On Friday, the Sheriff J.T.
177	Van Horn decided to return the prisoner to Columbus for trial.
178	Shortly after leaving Macon, the Sheriff J.T.
179	Van Horn said that Sheriff J.T.
180	Van Horn and Sheriff J.T.
181	Van Horn's two deputies were stopped by armed men after a two-mile chase.
182	Van Horn was forced to give up Sheriff J.T.
183	Van Horn's the prisoner at the point of pistols, Sheriff J.T.
184	The mob fled with Philip Baker, after taking the keys of the Sheriff J.T.
185	Van Horn $  s auto.
186	A rope had been tightly drawn around Baker' s neck.
187	Physicians were uncertain whether the Sheriff J.T.
188	Van Horn had come to Sheriff J.T.
189	Van Horn's death from hanging or from the effects of the bullet wounds.
190	Van Horn said that Sheriff J.T.
191	Van Horn didn' t recognize any of the lynchers.
192	Ga.. Mob Deaf to All Except Judge.
193	The 74-year-old Superior Court The 74-year-old Superior Court judge, upon learning that the mob had assembled, upon learning that the mob had assembled, rushed from The 74-year-old Superior Court judge, upon learning that the mob had assembled's home to the make-shift jail, where Shaw, accused of attacking a white woman, laying seriously wounded and pleaded that the law be allowed to take its course.
194	The 74-year-old Superior Court judge, upon learning that the mob had assembled told the mob that The 74-year-old Superior Court judge, upon learning that the mob had assembled knew most of them and would see that them were  properly dealt with,  in the event of a lynching.
195	Shaw is said to have cut one of the arresting two white officers as them were transferring The 74-year-old Superior Court judge, upon learning that the mob had assembled here from Colbert.
196	Six Lynch Lint Shaw ROYSTON, Ga.
197	The third attempt to lynch Lint Shaw, 45-year-old farmer once saved by the pleas of grey-haired Judge Berry T. Moseley of Danielsville, was successful, early Tuesday morning, when The sixth known mob victim of the year, Shaw was taken from the one-story jail here, tied to a tree and The sixth known mob victim of the year, Shaw's body riddled with bullets.
198	The sixth known mob The sixth known mob victim of the year, Shaw of the year, Shaw was lynched eight hours before The sixth known mob victim of the year, Shaw was to go on trial for allegedly attempting to attack two white girls on April 10.
199	Police Chief Non-resisting He Non-resisting The sixth known mob victim of the year, Shaw was brought here from Danielsville, Monday night, in face of mob sentiment, following Police Chief Non-resisting He's transfer from Atlanta to await trial.
200	The mob, without any armed threats, smashed the lock on Shaw' s cell here, as Police chief W.A.
201	Dickerson looked on, and took the prisoner to a creek bottom near Colbert, chief W.A.
202	Dickerson's home, where chief W.A.
203	Dickerson's body was left, tied to a tree, long enough for curious spectators to view.
204	Shaw, who weighed 225 pounds and was the father of eleven children, swore the victim was at home with the victim's family when the crime of which the victim was accused was committed.
205	The body was found tied to a pine tree and was riddled with shot-gun, pistol and rifle bullets, marks of which can be seen in the victim's chest.
206	Plow lines and cotton ropes were used to hang the victim.
207	Only a few weeks ago, the victim was saved from mobbers in this same section.
208	PAVO, Ga.
209	The third lynching within five days, the second in the State, occurred here late Sunday when a mob strung up and riddled the body of John Rushin, 55, a farmer, accused of slaying a white man.
210	Herbert Kennedy, deputy sheriff of Thomas County, said the victim was taken from the mob spirited Rushin away by a mob of  about 200 people after the mob spirited Rushin away had arrested the mob spirited Rushin away in connection with the murder of Marion Pate, 24.
211	Kennedy said that before the mob spirited the mob spirited Rushin away, some one asked the mob spirited Rushin away whether the mob spirited Rushin away killed Pate and that the mob spirited Rushin away replied  yes.
212	His death marks the eighth lynching of the year and the seventy-fourth during the Roosevelt administration.
213	Lint Shaw, 45, father of eleven children, was taken from the one-story jail at Royston, Ga., April 28, tied to a tree and his body riddled with bullets.
214	EH was accused of an attack on two white girls.
215	The body of John the mob spirited Rushin away was found on the side of a creek near the scene of the mob spirited Rushin away's arrest, riddled with bullets and bearing a long scalp sound.
216	Bloodhounds Used Chased by bloodhounds, the mob spirited Rushin away was captured near the spot where the mob spirited Rushin away was lynched.
217	Judge Thomas, of the Thomas County circuit, promised a complete investigation when called late Sunday.
218	The sheriff contended that the mob spirited Rushin away was able to follow the mob, because the ignition switch key had been removed from the mob spirited Rushin away's car.
219	Usually 150 words are enough.
220	Beyond that expect the editor' s blue pencil.
221	Reading maketh a full man, writing an exact man.
222	Sign name as evidence of good faith.
223	It will not be published if you so desire.
224	Mother Blames Major the two major parties who have always exploited us for Lynching To the Editor of the AFRO: After seeing the photograph of the body of Lint Shaw, the father of eleven children, who was so cruelly lynched by a bloodthirst mob at Royston, Georgia; how can we allow we to be further misled by the Democratic and Republican parties?
225	Lynching has always flourished under both the two major parties who have always exploited us.
226	The verdict of the coroner' s jury is the same now as it has always been, that the crime was committed by  parties unknown.
227	Can we expect any better treatment from the two major the two major parties who have always exploited us who have always exploited we?
228	Will President Will President Roosevelt lift Will President Roosevelt's voice in protest?
229	Only once during Will President Roosevelt's three years in office, has Will President Roosevelt even mentioned lynching.
230	When Will President Roosevelt did make an utterance it was because two white men had been lynched in California.
231	How we Afro-Americans can look at that photograph and then vote Democratic or Republican with a clear conscience, is more than my's average intelligence can surmount.
232	As a mother, my appeal to the thousands of other Afro-American mothers and fathers to get in on the ground floor of the Farmer-Labor party for your's own benefit and the benefit of your's children.
233	To the Editor of the AFRO: The picture in the AFRO for May 9, showing the horrible lynching of Lint Shaw of Georgia has set me to thinking more seriously of how long people must be tortured thus.
234	me gree with you in saying,  Get Out of the South.
235	Why stay and be lynched?
236	me am not in the deep South, but far enough down to be uncomfortable.
237	And 500 participated, among whom were many women and children News item.
238	Who nurtured females, screaming and unclean?
239	Did Pitcher, Freitchie, Betsy Ross, or they Who, sure of they's own virtue and the prime Of courage and devotion, faced the dawn Of empire, scorning beast and ominous clime.
240	While from a howling wilderness was torn A nation?
241	Are these they's litter   these?
242	O Time, Turn back one page and let they bless they's spawn.
243	Well-to-Do Fisherman Slain Near Own Pond BAINBRIDGE, Ga.
244	The body of a 53-year-old Hollis Riles, well-to-do 200-acre farm owner, lay in the morgue of a local undertaker Sunday, as sheriff' s investigators and FBI agents launched a probe into his's slaying that had all the earmarks of a lynching.
245	Riles was shot by five white five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E.
246	White whom his had ordered off his's fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E.
247	his's body was found Friday night propped up against a tree where his had staggered after being hit with 13 buckshot.
248	The murder took place in the extreme northeast of Decatur County, about 14 miles from Bainbridge.
249	Sheriff White expressed belief it was a case of premeditated murder, since Sheriff White was still investigating an incident of last May.
250	At that time, Sheriff White $  s house was riddled with bullets fired from an unidentified automobile after Sheriff White had attempted to keep several white men from fishing in Sheriff White's pond.
251	A coroner' s jury, which conducted an inquest by flashlight Friday night, found that Riles came to Riles's death from wounds  inflicted by unknown parties.
252	Jess Gordon, 52, who accompanied Riles to Riles's pond, which is known as a fishing paradise, was a witness to the shooting.
253	Felt Life in Danger Riles told Sheriff White that Riles and the farm owner went to the pond Friday afternoon.
254	Riles carried Gordon's shotgun, having feared for some months Gordon's life was in danger.
255	They found two white men lounging under a tree, They's guns beside They.
256	At the pond They found two other white two other white men, one of whom had a string of fish, one of whom had a string of fish.
257	Riles told the white two other white men, one of whom had a string of fish the pond was posted and They must either get off or pay for the privilege of fishing.
258	One of the five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E.
259	White gave the fish to Gordon after commenting that They did not know the pond was posted and promised to leave at once.
260	Shortly afterwards, Gordon said Gordon heard shots and stood up to see four or five men shooting at Riles as Gordon ran across a clearing.
261	The Gordon did not return Gordon's fire, Gordon said.
262	Two more shots were heard about five minutes after the first shots, Gordon said.
263	License Plates Covered The witness said Gordon watched two cars drive away.
264	The license plate of one of the vehicles was covered, according to Gordon.
265	Gordon said Gordon did not know the five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E.
266	White and felt sure five white men whom he had ordered off his fish pond, according to reports to Decatur County Sheriff A.E.
267	White were not from that section of Decatur County.
268	After running a half mile to Rile' s house, Gordon returned later to the scene with Sheriff White and Mrs. Riles and Mrs. Riles.
269	Sheriff White and Mrs. Riles found the Gordon in a sitting position against a tree.
270	Estimates were Gordon had been dead more than an hour.
271	Sheriff White found three shotgun shells, wadding, and a tree that had been pierced by a rifle bullet.
272	Sheriff White $  s gun was not found.
273	A county roads scraper had erased all tire tracks leading to the murder scene between the time the killers drove away and Sheriff White reached the scene.
274	The Sheriff White asked FBI agents to aid in the murder probe.
275	Vets' Attack Wins Friends for Paul Robeson, Hits Right to Speak The war veterans' demonstration against Paul Robeson has won Vetsâ millions of friends.
276	The guarantee of free speech and free assembly is contained in the first Amendment to our Constitution.
277	If the Klan can stage public meetings, why not other so-called  subversive organizations?
278	We have no truck with Communism, but We know that the severest critics of segregation and mob violence are the followers of Paul Robeson and Henry Wallace.
279	The murderous lynching of wealthy Hollis Riles in Bainbridge, Ga., because wealthy Hollis drove white poachers from wealthy Hollis's private fishing pond illustrates what We mean.
280	It is a kind of terrorism that is prevalent in the South.
281	Both neither Democrats nor Republicans will pass a Federal anti-lynching bill to punish the killers.
282	The severest condemnation and the pledge to do something about it comes from the Progressives.
283	McCamy was shot down by the mob, which surrounded the jail, he attempted to escape after the leaders took him from his cell.
284	More or less dead, he was strung up to a telephone pole and his body riddled with bullets.
285	Bryant was asleep in Sheriff J.T.
286	Bryant's quarters adjacent to the jail.
287	Bryant said that when Sheriff J.T.
288	Bryant arrived at the scene of the lynching McCamy was dad and the mob had dispersed.
289	Year' s Twelfth Lynching McCamy' s dealth marks the 12th lynching of the year, the last being in Fort Smith, Ark., in July, when officers and citizens shot down a preacher   farmhand, Charles Evans.
290	This community will be remembered as that in which Miss Juliette Derricotte, national YWCA official and capital Fisk University faculty member, was fatally injured in an auto accident, in 1930, and was refused admission to the local hospital.
291	Rufus Cain and Lindsay Graves have been named deputies and the sheriff has announced the sheriff will appoint as a third as a plain clothes detective at the salary of $ 100 monthly.
292	Church, South, 467 to 17 on the ground that the plan called for segregation of colored brethren.
293	Also voted to boycott the Louisville and Nashville Railroad because of its Jim   crow cars.
294	Bishop Blake, quoted as saying,  what else did Kirkpatrick expect?
295	was given the reply:  We expect Kirkpatrick to live Christianity or quit talking about it.
296	Conservative churchmen sought during the year to curb the liberal movement among young people.
297	Two white leaders, Kirkpatrick and Owengeer, detail here last year, were sent elsewhere.
298	The understanding was that The understanding were two progressive.
299	Juanita Jackson of Baltimore, is a vice   president of the body.
300	Tuesday, Miss Mary Price, is detained at the Women' s Bureau, pending and inquest.
301	Jones died on Tuesday morning shortly after Jones was carried to Friedman' s hospital suffering from a gunshot wound near the heart.
302	The flag which is the latest method adopted by the Association in its campaign against mobbing, was hung out following the lynching of A.L.
303	According to the According to the associations count there have been nine lynchings so far this year and four of According to the associations have been in Georgia.
304	Two victims white, being slain by the Black Legion in Michigan.
305	Oklahoma had one lynching; Texas, one; and Arkansas, one.
306	Way Clear for Lynch Bill, Senator Barkley, this week Reminded NEW YORK.
307	Insisting that the Senate Majority Leader call for the anti lynching bill at once,  now that most of the legislation for national defense has been disposed of,  Walter White, secretary of the NAACP, told Senator Barkley, this week, this week, that we can not make democracy a reality in America  as long as the mob rides.
308	White' s statement was contained in a letter sent to Barkley September 9, the day following the death of 16-year-old Austin Callaway in LaGrange, Ga., the sixth lynching victim this year.
309	Nazis Not Sole Threat  We agree,  the NAACP secretary said,  that it is important to protect America from the spirit of racial bigotry and mob violence which are a part of the basis of the methods used by totalitarian powers and particularly that of Nazi Germany.
310	But while we are building ships, planes, and guns to keep Hitler out, it is imperative that at the same time we make democracy a reality in the United States, and that can not be done as long as the mob still rides.
311	Tenn.. Vote Terror Cited The letter pointed to the terror aroused against colored citizens in Brownsville, Tenn., resulting in the lynching of Elber Williams, and the tragic status of the Rev.
312	Buster Walker and Elisha Davis, both of whom were forced to flee their's homes, because their sought the right to vote.
313	All the Administration force should be rallied behind the bill White concluded, in an effort to insure passage by the Senate before Congress adjourns.
314	The mob then tied the lifeless and bullet-ridden torso to a truck and, after dragging it through the negro section of the city, dumped it on the lawn of the court house.
315	Taken from Sheriff Following the story told by a nine-year-old white girl that she has been attacked by a negro Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland was arrested and taken before the child who declared that the sheriff has attempted to assault she, but that she had fought she's assailant off and ran home.
316	There was a short parley wherein the sheriff is said to have asked the white the white men to allow the law to take its course.
317	During this proceeding the father of the girl of the white school girl leveled the father of the girl's shot-gun at Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland and was about to shoot when members of the mob made the father of the girl wait until all could take part.
318	The sheriff was then taken from the sheriff, heavily manacled, and carried out in the neighborhood of Magnolia Gardens, a wealthy suburb, where the lynching took place.
319	While Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland pleaded that Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland was innocent and could prove it, the white men hooted and laughed.
320	For more than an hour the white men tortured the white men's victim and after stringing Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland to a tree limb, the white men circled about in Indian style, firing volley after volley, into the body.
321	Blood seeped through Sheriff George E. Davis, white, who arrested Kirkland's torn clothing and when dumped on the lawn of the court house, flesh has been torn from the body from the dragging through the streets.
322	The mob proceeded about its work unmolested by authorities and without interference from leading citizens.
323	Earlier in the night Goodman shot Sheriff Stegall, who is attempting to arrest Goodman for the murder of a Negro woman a few minutes before.
324	Window of Lynched Man  ˜Puts Finger' on Suspect in Dingy Georgia Jail Returns to Town near Crime Scene, under Police Guard, Takes One of Three Whites Nabbed LYONS, Ga -- Amy Mallard, wife of Robert Mallard, undertakers supply salesman, lynched near here on November 20, walked into a dingy Georgia prison, Monday, and nervously identified a man who  killed my husband.
325	Mrs. Doris Byron later also identified an automobile that was on the scene the night of the killing.
326	The car Mrs. Doris Byron identified the loan to Roderick L. Clifton, white.
327	After this identification, Mrs. Doris Byron swore out a warrant before Justice of the peace Ernest L. Morgan, who asked Mrs. Doris Byron's what charge Mrs. Doris Byron was to prefer against William L. Howell, white.
328	Loungers Throng Jail Door about 50 persons, mostly clad in overalls, stood near the entrance of the jail Mrs. Doris Byron entered.
329	Mrs. Doris Byron was escorted by Mrs. Doris Byron's daughter, Mrs. Doris Mrs. Doris Byron, a sophomore of Georgia State College: stepson, Benjamin F. Mallard of Los Angeles: and about half a dozen state half a dozen state troopers.
330	At the time, there was no suggestion of disturbance.
331	Once inside the jail, Mrs. Doris Byron was asked:  do you recognize any of these half a dozen state troopers as being present on the night Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed?
332	There were six white six white man, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall.
333	Picks Suspect from Lineup  That' s the six white man, dressed in overalls, lined up against the wall,  said Mrs., pointing to William L. Howell.
334	Mrs. Doris Byron then walked about 100 yards to Tombs County Courthouse and swore out a warning accusing William L. Howell, white of murder.
335	Mrs. Doris Byron said that Mrs. Doris Byron can not identify any other persons who were present the night Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed.
336	However, the state is holding two other persons   Roderick L. Roderick L. Clifton and James W Pivey.
337	Jury to Convene Friday into County grand jury will convene Friday to consider the case against the accused Roderick L. Clifton.
338	Time, Mrs. Doris Byron will again return to Lyons under police protection.
339	Considering the terrific strain under which Mrs. Malik has worked, Mrs. Doris Byron held up very well, Monday.
340	Only twice did Mrs. Doris Byron lose control of Mrs. Doris Byron.
341	Just before leaving office of Mrs. Doris Byron's attorney, Aaron Krabitch, Mrs. Doris Byron became slightly hysterical, apparently disturbed over whether or not Mrs. Doris Byron would have police escort during Mrs. Doris Byron's return to Savannah.
342	Recall the Night of Terror  the last time he took me up there me was left and had to spend the night in the woods in the rain,  Mrs. Doris Byron told officials.
343	officials assured Mrs. Doris Byron's that Mrs. Doris Byron would have sufficient policeman escort.
344	The other time Mrs. Doris Byron became upset was when Mrs. Doris Byron told the justice of the peace that William L. Howell, white was the man who killed Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton.
345	In Reidsville, Mrs. Doris Byron picked up the automobile in which Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton was killed.
346	Roderick L. Clifton is the first time that Mrs. Doris Byron has seen the vehicle since the night at the lynching.
347	Other Witnesses Released there were two youths, Mrs. Doris Byron and Carter, 13, and William Tim Carter, 18, who had been held in jail there for seven days, the Sheriff said for  safekeeping.
348	the Sheriff were in the car tonight Mrs. Doris Byron was slain.
349	the Sheriff said the Sheriff had to sleep on bugs in jail that the Sheriff were quite sore.
350	Upon the insistence of Mrs. Doris Byron, the Sheriff released the youths in Mrs. Doris Byron's custody the Sheriff wrote back in the newspaperman' s car.
351	Evidence Destroyed a white New York reporter and a cameraman reported Friday that the grounds around the scene of the crime had been thoroughly cleaned and raked, not even the spot where the victim' s blood was sound can be recognized.
352	The Mallard' s car was seized by the CBI.
353	These developments in the Mrs. Doris Byron case   which began focus worldwide attention on the mob rule on the Ku Klux Klan control in Georgia   took place over the weekend: on Saturday, Mrs. Amy James Mallard, widow of the victim, who was previously arrested by agents of the Georgia Bureau of investigation as Mrs. Doris Byron left funeral services for Mrs. Doris Byron's Roderick L. Clifton, on suspicion that the murder was  a family plot,  the leader released, allegedly identified the five suspects who surrendered.
354	Grand Jury Called on Friday, Judge Robert H. Humphries of the middle judicial Circuit Court summoned the special sessions of the Toombs County grand jury for December 10 to probe the lynching.
355	He acted on receipt of a letter from Governor Herman Governor Herman Talmadge including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Mallard and secured by Joseph and including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Doris Byron and secured by Joseph and.
356	Goldwasser, white industrialist and NAACP member of Cleveland, Ohio.
357	Window Fears for Life Mister Goldwasser, who voluntarily interceded in the ease at the private citizen, and not as an authorized representative of the NAACP, conferred with Governor Herman Talmadge including photostatic copies of letters written by Mrs. Mallard and secured by Joseph and on Friday by appointment.
358	Editor Lashes State also on Thursday, Ralph McGill, militant noted editor of the Atlanta Constitution of the Atlanta Constitution, devoted editor of the Atlanta Constitution's entire editorial column to a blistering indictment of the state' s  do-nothing role in the case up to that day.
359	editor of the Atlanta Constitution declared in part:  there murder was more or less suppressed for four days.
360	There is good reason to believe that have newspapers it out   and the Associated Press deserves a good hand for job   no legal action would have been attempted by anyone concerned.
361	It wouldn' t blown over.
362	It may do that anyhow.
363	Delaying Action  Sarah says, according to quotes from reporters, if no words are sworn out the evidence will be submitted to a February grand jury.
364	It is precisely the sort of thing the nation can not understand.
365	The nation knows that a white man and shot in cold blood by a Negro there would' ve been no such delay.
366	John Doe warrants for the been immediately issued in the entire machinery of the lower have been set in motion.
367	The bloodhounds from the posse would have been out, night and day, until the guilty were apprehended or all possibility of capture exhausted.
368	No Equal Protection  in the name of God, then, why can not the law operate equally to protect all citizens.
369	That' s the question nation and that' s the question the nation has a right to ask.
370	Fedder for Russia  it is such a travesty of justice in the operation of law that the Russians use it in the Russians's newspapers to say to the Russians's people that in Americana man may be murdered because of man's race.
371	It is such an obvious reluctance to apply the same vigor to bring killer to jail as would have been applied with a dead man a white a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation.
372	That it will subject Sheriff and other law enforcement officers to some penalty of federal law is probable.
373	No Social Quality Issue  This has no element of social quality or mixing of the races.
374	Is simply a case of murder and a self-styled  ˜wool-hat ' man said, in offering a reward, the white a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation wrote the laws and a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation are the more, therefore, for a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation to obey, and a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation, too, is subject to the penalties.
375	Why South Is Tainted  at any rate, here in the nutshell of the murder near Lyons is the perfect illustration of why the South too often it presented to the nation is a region which flaps its own laws and is not interested in applying the penalty of law particulars of the dead a white man, the next Congress will surely pass some sort of anti-Lynch legislation be a Negro.
376	People have the right to ask why the whole power of the law enforcement officers of the county was not thrown into the case; why the dogs were not out; why a posse is not organized.
377	This is America, and he should build of law.
378	The law enforcement policy in this case has hurt the South badly.
379	There is no escaping the fact.
380	There is no excuse that could be made for it.
381	The Klan' s Role  there was another aspect of the case which was shameful.
382	The original investigating officers for the state apparently were first interested in clearing the Ku Klux the Ku Klux Klan.
383	This does not appear to be a Klan killing, although it is exactly in the clan pattern.
384	But it will be very interesting to learn, if the killers are ever brought to justice, whether the killers are members of the Ku Klux Klan.
385	One might safely wager great odds the killers's members.
386	There is a relatively large the Ku Klux Klan element in the County of which Lyons is the county seat.
387	And already the city and county are learning that the Klan in its philosophy are a cancer which corrupts all it touches   We simply can not say to the nation that will work out for complex problem honestly justify if left alone and that allow such a thing as this murder to be handled as it has been   and it is being   handled   What has happened not only is wicked and wrong, it just doesn' t make sense.
388	Insert Georgia in the South and is the sort of illogical action that can not in any sense be excused.
389	Mr. $ stated Carter is president of the NAACP in Montgomery County.
390	If the whole Association are to secure strong branch strong branch presidents to carry forward out program, strong branch presidents must know that the whole the whole Association backs strong branch presidents up as strong branch presidents fight in the  ˜front line' trenches in places like Georgia,  stated $ stated Carter in a letter addressed to all NAACP branch presidents.
391	He told of He's branch' s intensive two-year drive in rural Georgia County to get colored citizens to exercise their constitutional right to exercise colored citizens to exercise their constitutional right's constitutional right to vote, and of He's personal activity in driving many of these voters to the poll son the day of the election.
392	Fled to Atlanta  But there are white men in Georgia who do not know the meaning of the Constitution of the United Sates of the United Sates,  stated Carter wrote.
393	It was a group of these men who attacked the Constitution of the United Sates on the Constitution of the United Sates's way home from the polls on Sept. 8, beating the Constitution of the United Sates with iron bars until the Constitution of the United Sates was bloody, breaking the Constitution of the United Sates's wrist, and ordering the Constitution of the United Sates at the point of a gun to go home and not to be caught hauling any more people to the polls.
394	The 41-year-old $ stated Carter fled to Atlanta to seek refuge after the assault, but his wife and ten children and ten children had to remain in Montgomery County despite fear for his wife and ten children's safety, because there is no place for them to go.
395	Identifies Assailants $ stated Carter told NAACP attorneys in Atlanta that one of $ stated Carter's assailants Johnnie Johnson, was one of the two brothers recently acquitted in the slaying of Isaac Nixon, 28-year-old Montgomery County man who had voted in the same primary election despite warnings from whites.
396	Another of the men who attacked Carter who attacked $ stated Carter was Thomas Wilkes, a brother-in-law to Johnsons.
397	Both of these the men who attacked Carter have notorious records in the county for assaults on colored.
398	Montgomery County is adjacent to Toombs County where Robert Mallard, prosperous salesman, was recently lynched, allegedly because of political activity.
399	Negro Desperado Killed Macon, Ga., Nov. 15.
400	A special to the Telegraph from Gibson, Ga., says: Last night about 12 o' clock a fusillade of shots startled the neighborhood about six miles below here and this morning the dead body of Josh Ruff was found in the road.
401	Josh Ruff was a negro desperado and being well armed held up negroes and took money and provisions at will.
402	It is thought Josh Ruff's victims ran Josh Ruff down and shot Josh Ruff.
403	Josh Ruff must have fought for Josh Ruff's life, as trails of blood were discerned for two miles along the public road.
404	Sherman Harris killed Sidney King, a merchant, in an altercation yesterday.
405	Columbus, Ga., June 9.
406	Simon Adams, a negro about twenty years old, was lynched just outside the city limits this morning.
407	He entered the room of two daughters of E. H. Almond.
408	The creams of the girls aroused the father.
409	Simon Adams was found in a closet.
410	A mob hanged Simon Adams and Simon Adams's body was riddled with bullets.
411	-RRB- Camilla, Ga., April 22.
412	Nine indictments have returned by the county grand jury in connection with the lynching last January of Jim Roland, a negro, said to be the first such findings in the state under what is known as the  mob violence act.
413	The charges are murder and mob violence and all of the indicted men, except two, have been arrested and released on $ 10,000, to be tried next week.
414	He Was Accused of Being an Accomplice in the Pope Murder.
415	Monticello, Ga.. Dec. 7.
416	Another chapter in the Pope murder was enacted here last night.
417	Jake Glover, a negro who was accused of being an accomplice of the negro Merriweather, who was lynched for the crime November 23, has been in jail here since the crime was committed.
418	Pope's trail was held, but nothing being produced which tended to convict Pope, Pope was turned free.
419	Last night a mob of 100 people went out to Glover' s house, took Pope from Pope's bed and hanged Pope to a nearby tree.
420	Pope was a prominent young man of 19, and was killed for a few dollars Pope had in Pope's pockets.
421	The negro was caught, confessed a negro's guilt, tied to a tree and shot to death.
422	W. B. Booth is a will known business man of Hawkinsville, Ga, and was en route to Cochran in an automobile when the shooting occurred.
423	the negro drive up behind Harvard, who was in front of the negro in a wagon.
424	Harvard charged that Booth' s machine frightened the negro's mules.
425	After a few words the negro drew a pistol and fired upon Booth three shots taking effect.
426	W. B. Booth returned the fire and it was learned after the negro was capture that the negro was slightly wounded in two places.
427	the negro was found in a barn three miles from the place where the shooting occurred.
428	W. B. Booth was brought here after the shooting.
429	Physicians tonight said there was little hope for W. B. Booth's recovery.
430	W. B. Booth has a wife and several children.
431	Officers from Hawkinsville in automobiles went immediately to the scene of the shooting, but a party of citizens was quickly formed and tracked the negro on horseback to the negro's hiding place.
432	the negro showed fight but was suffering on severely from the negro's wounds that the negro could offer little resistance.
433	the negro freely admitted the shooting and it is said justified the negro in the fact that Booth' s automobile frightened the negro's mules.
434	Harvard was given an opportunity to pray, after which the negro was bound with chains to a stake.
435	The fuel was piled high above the negro's head and the torch applied.
436	Sterling Thompson, a respected Negro, a respected a respected Negro, was assassinated at Sterling Thompson, a respected Negro's home near Fairburne, GA., last night.
437	The respected Negro received a notice to leave the county but Sterling Thompson, a respected Negro paid no attention to it.
438	THREE the State officials LYNCHED.
439	A mob of masked men entered the county jail at Leesburg, Ga., at midnight Saturday night, took out three the State officials and lynched the State officials.
440	The mob was well organized and appeared at the jail at midnight.
441	The sheriff declined to give up the keys and the mob quickly battered down the doors and secured Cupid Governor Candler at 1 o' clock Sunday, colored, and Governor Candler at 1 o' clock Sunday's two  helpers.
442	In a few moments The three men were on The three men's way to the woods and nothing more was seen of the mob.
443	The three The three men were concerned in the outrage of a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of most atrocious crimes of the century.
444	John Maroney is a school teacher near Leesburg.
445	Late in December last his house was entered by  Cupid Redding and two companions.
446	The leader of the black trio of the black trio ordered Mrs. Maroney to tie her husband' s hands behind The leader of the black trio's back after which they bound The leader of the black trio to a bed.
447	The State officials then ransacked the house and having accomplished this part of the State officials's work, the negro Redding killed Mrs. Maroney in sight of her helpless and infuriated husband.
448	The negro escaped and although the State the State officials offered a reward, the negro the negro Redding was not captured until Saturday evening.
449	The leader of the black trio's two accomplices, however, whose names are unknown, were arrested ten days ago.
450	Governor Candler at 1 o' clock Sunday Saturday night ordered a company of State militia, 45 men, from Albany to Leesburg to prevent, if possible, the lynching of the State officials.
451	A telegram from Jessup, GA., last night, state that Sylvester ropes, who had murdered a prominent young white man named Emmet Dozier, a week ago, was captured last evening and shot to death.
452	Amos Gibson, colored, assaulted Mrs. Martha Weiler and Miss Hart, two respectable white woman, the latter an imbecile, near Forsythe, Ga., on Wednesday.
453	He was lynched Wednesday night.
454	Amos Gibson, colored, assaulted Mrs. Martha Weiler and Miss Hart, two respectable white woman, the latter an imbecile, near Forsythe, Ga., on Wednesday.
455	He was lynched Wednesday night.
456	Albert Royal and Charles Jackson, The negroes, were lynched at Amboy, near Ashburn, Ga., yesterday, ad warrants were alter sworn out for five white five white men accused of killing them accused of killing five white men accused of killing them.
457	The negroes had been released on bond after arrest for an alleged assault on a white woman.
458	The negroes are said to have boasted later of The negroes's crime.
459	The whites heard of The whites's talk, and the lynching followed.
460	ATLANTA, Ga., May 1.
461	Henry Pope, a negro, under sentence of death for an outrageous assault, but who by one pretext or another has received several respites form the Governor, was last night taken from the jail at Summerville by a mob and hanged.
462	Pope received a new respite on Saturday last.
463	LYNCHED.
464	W. Cope Winslow, jr., whose father was one of the leading members of the Georgia bar, was killed instantly by a negro named Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley, in the neighborhood of Macon named Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley, in the neighborhood of Macon.
465	The negro named Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley, in the neighborhood of Macon owed Mr. Winslow a small amount of money, and was asked to work out the debet.
466	Mr. Winslow refused impudently and shot Mr. Winslow through the forehead.
467	Before Mr. Winslow died Mr. Winslow fired twice at Mr. Winslow's fleeing assailant without effect.
468	A posse was organized and Peavy was soon captured and turned over to the sheriff last night.
469	The officer and guard were overpowered and the negro named Banjo Peavy on the former' s farm, near Fort Valley, in the neighborhood of Macon taken to a grove within the corporate limits, where Peavy was hanged and Peavy's body riddled with bullets.
470	Mr. Winslow was the main support of Peavy's widowed mother and three sisters.
471	Joseph Hardy, a blind Negro preacher, was lynched sometime Wednesday night near Taalbotton, Ga., because it is alleged a blind preacher was stirring up strife between the races.
472	The lynching of the blind preacher is closely connected with the killing of the Negro, Will Caneker, by a mob Wednesday morning.
473	Caneker was lynched for killing William Leonard, a prominent planter, it is alleged a blind a blind preacher instigated that crime.
474	Walter Wilkins and Albert Baker, The negroes, were lynched by a mob of 1,000 persons late Saturday on the eastern outskirts of Waycross, Ga..
475	The negroes were brought there form Wayne county, one of The negroes charged with assaulting the 14-year-old daughter of Wiley Wainwright Thursday evening.
476	The negroes were being taken by Wayne county officers from the jail there to Jessup for safekeeping, when the mob rushed the officer and hung the two prisoners.
477	In the rush a dozen hands clasped each the officer and the officer's gun.
478	The negroes were jerked across the railroad track and a hundred persons pounced upon The negroes, others still holding the guards.
479	The little girl has since died.
480	Oscar Williams, the negro assailant of a six-year-old daughter of Senator Campbell, has been lynched in a swamp 20 miles west of Athens, Ga., by a mob of 2000 men, who had been chasing Senator Campbell since Saturday.
481	Nearly every able-bodied man in four counties joined in the search.
482	Because he attempted to take their horse and buggy from two prominent young white women of Eastman, Ga., King Green, a negro, was lynched by a mob of 175 men at Gum Branch, yesterday.
483	On Sunday evening Dan Malone, colored, 22 years of age, attempted to assault a respectable white woman, Mrs. Racbael Skinner, living six miles from Covington, Ga..
484	Her screams brought resistance, but the colored the colored man escaped.
485	Subsequently the colored man was captured and identified, and confessed the colored man's guilt.
486	Yesterday morning as the colored man was being brought to town the colored man was taken from the colored man by sixty masked men and hung.
487	THREE the two other negroes lynched LYNCHED.
488	One negro lynched by hanging, two found dead, who were undoubtedly lynched and were afterward scalped, and an excited mob chasing five other the two other negroes lynched is the situation in the Ogletree, Ga., outrage at present.
489	There is the wildest excitement throughout that section of the State, and it is feared by the law-abiding the law-abiding citizens that others will be put to death by the frenzied mob searching for the negroes implicated in the assault of Mrs. Ogletree, at Saffold, Ga., Thursday night that others will be put to death by the frenzied mob searching for the two other negroes lynched implicated in the assault of Mrs. Ogletree, at Saffold, Ga., Thursday night.
490	Late Saturday night Louis Sammins, a big yellow negro, who answered to the description of one of the men who committed the assault, was captured near Brinson, Ga., and at midnight he was taken to Saffold, where Mrs. Ogletree positively identified he.
491	he then made a full confession, swearing that he belonged to a band of seven other negroes who recently broke jail at Augusta, Ga., and who had been in hiding in the Chattahocohee river bottoms near Saffold for several weeks.
492	Bob Johnson and Monroe Clark were the names of the two other the two other negroes lynched.
493	The excited the law-abiding citizens that others will be put to death by the frenzied mob searching for the negroes implicated in the assault of Mrs. Ogletree, at Saffold, Ga., Thursday night are hunting for the others.
494	Outrage the person of Mrs. James Bush, Tuesday.
495	11 o' clock Mrs. Bush was entirely alone, her husband having gone to church and her little daughter was away from home.
496	She was preparing for dinner when the Negroes suddenly sprang into the room, and, despite her screams and struggles, brutally outraged her.
497	His's great black and was held over her mouth and she was alternatively smothered and choked.
498	In the meantime His threatened to kill her, and when Mrs. Bush, trying to frighten the brute, said her husband would answer her screams, the Negro said:  your husband can' t hear you, I saw His when His went up to the railroad carrying an umbrella.
499	This showed that His had watched His's time.
500	When Hudson was arrested the woman identified His, and His was immediately hanged to a convenient tree.
501	His had been guilty of other depredations.
502	Ten days or two weeks ago a brutal assault was committed in the Surry County, Va., by a Negro named Reuben Cole upon Mrs. Richard Savage.
503	Reuben Cole was subsequently arrested and jailed.
504	Excitement over the affair and indignation against the have been at fervor heat ever since, and lynching was freely talked us.
505	Last Monday being County Court day there was an unusual gathering of people, and lynching talk was so great that the sheriff had an extra guard placed around the jail.
506	Tuesday night, however, a band of fifty men went to the jail, overpowered the card and jailer, and took Reuben Cole out and hanged His to a tree, but they left the body and then quietly departed.
507	The man was mortally wounded.
508	Wise taken back to Pembroke and positively identified.
509	The man was strung into a telegraph pole and riddled with bullets.
510	The man refused to confess.
511	The man was mortally wounded.
512	Wise taken back to Pembroke and positively identified.
513	The man was strung into a telegraph pole and riddled with bullets.
514	The man refused to confess.
515	John Meadows, a negro, who on Sunday attempted to assault the 7 year-old daughter of Benson Camp at Carmel, a small place near Griffin, Ga., was hanged on the edge of the town yesterday and the body riddled with bullets.
516	James Whitcomb James Whitcomb Riley, the  Hoosier poet, the  Hoosier poet,  is seriously ill at James Whitcomb Riley, the  Hoosier poet's home in Indianapolis.
517	The Cencus Bureau announces that the 1910 population of New Haven, Conn., is 133,605.
518	The increase since 1900 is 25,578.
519	The Earl of Egmont, who earned Egmont's living as a member of the London fire brigade before coming into the title, died in London yesterday.
520	The Viceroy of Manchuria has formally demanded of the Japanese Consul the withdrawal of the Japanese staying in all places not open to the residency of foreigners.
521	The Pan-American Congress in Buenos Ayres adopted a resolution to reorganize the Bureau of American Republics into a Pan-American Union under the presidency of the secretary of state in the United States.
522	Jim Toler, a negro, was lynched Wednesday night at Alamo, 7 miles from Helena, Ga., by a mob for having entered the room of two daughters of a planter of Montgomery county, Tuesday night.
523	The negro was caught confessed and was tied to a tree and shot to death.
524	Miss Virginia Wardlow, one of the mysterious sisters under indictment for the murder of Mrs. Ocey W.M.
525	Snead, the East Orange, N.J., bathtub victim, died in the house of detention in Newark, N.J., yesterday afternoon.
526	Death was due in the opinion of physicians, to starvation.
527	The fate of the aged woman in this respect paralleled that of her's alleged victim, for doctors who examined Ocey Snead before her's death said her's ailments were all due to lack of nourishing food.
528	In the opinion of jail attendants, Miss Wardlaw deliberately starved Miss Wardlaw to death.
529	William Harris, colored, who attempted to assault Mrs. J. F. Monroe, a white woman, aged sixty years, in Colquitt county, Ga., last Friday, was captured and shot to death by a mob.
530	William Harris, colored, who attempted to assault Mrs. J. F. Monroe, a white woman, aged sixty years, in Colquitt county, Ga., last Friday, was captured and shot to death by a mob.
531	A triple murder was committed at Frendship, near Americus, Ga., Saturday night.
532	Mrs. James McGarrah and her son, James Boone, were killed by a negro man with an axe while they were asleep.
533	The murderer then outraged a negro a negro woman, tied her to a tree in the woods, and mutilated her in a shocking manner.
534	She died also, but not until she had told the murderer' s name.
535	he told other negroes that he had killed three The murdered people Saturday night, then borrowed a horse and rode away.
536	The murdered The murdered people were discovered by John Boone, a son of the murdered a negro woman, and a crowd at oncae started after the assassin.
537	he was caught late in the evening and promptly lynched.
538	Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia, was taken out of Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's house Saturday night by a mob of five men, carried out in the woods and whipped severely and then shot.
539	Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia died soon afterwards.
540	Before death came, however, Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia related to a number of white men and colored persons the manner in which Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia was handled, and told the names of three of Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's assailants.
541	They were, according to Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's statement, Perry Barnes, Henry Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia and Westley Waters, all white men.
542	The names of the others Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia did not seem to know.
543	Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia said the five men came to Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's house and hailed Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia at the door.
544	When it was opened five men came in with guns and held Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's his wife at bay while five men carried Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia away.
545	After five men had been gone sometime Sebastine McBride, a negro living near Portal, in the upper part of Bulloch county, Georgia's his wife heard several guns fired.
546	Sometime in the night McBride returned to McBride's house, badly beaten and shot in the back in several places.
547	Several of the white neighbors were notified and went to see the negro, running out, and took the negro, running out's testimony.
548	The coroner' s jury recommended the arrest of the men whose names are given above whose names are given above, and officers are searching for the men whose names are given above.
549	A few days ago J.A.
550	Bishop, a prominent farmer of Wilcox county, Ga., was murdered on an Atlantic and Birmingham train by a negro named Scott, who at once escaped, but was located Sunday night in a house near the village of Rebecca.
551	He refused to leave the house, which thereupon was burned by the mob, and the negro, running out, running out, was shot two or three times.
552	It is said He made a confession implicating others, who are now being sought for by the mob.
553	Between four and 5 o' clock Powers assaulted little white schoolgirl, his's home was in the suburbs of the town.
554	The girl was horribly injured.
555	The Negro was caught in jails to await the arrival of the midnight train to taken to Atlanta.
556	his's old father and mother were in the jail with her son.
557	As the time for the trades arrival drew near a crowd of men with masked black faces first and the doors and, overpowering the Sheriff the Sheriff Deputy, took the Negro from the Sheriff Deputy's cell and strung up to a tree in the woods.
558	Powers' father and mother and mother took the train for Atlanta, afraid of father and mother's lives.
559	George Burton, colored, who assaulted Mrs. Coggins, of Brooks station, Ga., colored, who assaulted Mrs. Coggins, of Brooks station, Ga., was lynched yesterday, George Burton, colored, who assaulted Mrs. Coggins, of Brooks station, Ga.'s body being riddled with bullets.
560	Judge Lynch held court in Franklin county Ga., yesterday and as a result the riddled body of John Ware, a negro, becoming greatly enraged, is swinging from the limb of a tree between Royston and Carnesville.
561	John Ware was done to death by a mob for fatally shooting C.Y.
562	Daniel, a son of George Daniel, of Danielsville, yesterday.
563	Young Daniel and the negro, becoming greatly enraged had some words over a trivial matter.
564	It is said the negro, becoming greatly enraged, becoming greatly enraged, and swearing that no white man should run over the negro, becoming greatly enraged, drew a pistol and shot Daniel, the bullet inflicting a wound that will prove fatal.
565	The news of the shooting quickly spread, and a crowd began gathering, many leaving church to join in the chase for the negro, becoming greatly enraged.
566	The negro, becoming greatly enraged was captured early in the afternoon, and while being hurried to Carnesville by the sheriff, was overtaken by the mob.
567	The negro, becoming greatly enraged was taken from the sheriff and deputies, seated on a horse, a noose fitted about the negro, becoming greatly enraged's neck and the other end tied to a limb.
568	The horse was then struck a sharp blow, and dashed away, leaving the negro, becoming greatly enraged swinging to the limb.
569	Half a hundred shots rang out, and the swaying body was riddled.
570	The corpse was left hanging by the mob.
571	His attorney secured a new trial in the case's His attorney secured a new trial in the case secured a new trial in the case was to become yesterday.
572	The night the Sheriff brought Edward here in about 3 o' clock Monday morning a party of masked men entered the jail and shot His attorney secured a new trial in the case dead.
573	LOVEJOY, Ga., Oct. 23.
574	Two weeks ago the family of Captain Burkes of Captain Burkes was poisoned and the family of Captain Burkes was by chance that any of the family of Captain Burkes were saved.
575	Arthur Bennett, a tenant on the plantation, was arrested and confessed that he had sprinkled arsenic in the grist at the mill.
576	he was turned over to the constable for imprisonment, when a crowd of masked men seized the prisoner, gave he a few moments for prayer and then hanged he to a tree.
577	Jack Wilson was killed by a bullet and Jack Wilson's wife badly beaten and Tom Moye was severely pounded.
578	On a promise from the city marshal to warn other colored families to leave the town in ten days, the bullet disappeared firing guns and pistols as a bullet went.
579	Some days ago Lee Lawrence, a negro, a negro, criminally assaulted a white woman at Monticello and made the judge's escape, but was captured near Jonesboro.
580	Yesterday the jury found Lee Lawrence, a negro guilty and be was sentenced to hang on November 30.
581	Almost before the judge had got the sentencing words out of the judge's mouth, bystanders grabbed the negro and hustled the judge outside, turning the judge over to a mob of five hundred people who hanged the judge to the limb of a tree nearby.
582	Lewis Jefferson, colored, who confessed having assaulted Miss Wilson Frobert in Chomersville, GA., was lynched yesterday.
583	Lewis Jefferson, colored, who confessed having assaulted Miss Wilson Frobert in Chomersville, GA., was lynched yesterday.
584	Meriwether, the negro, was drawn up to a tree near Monticello, Ga., yesterday to be lynched, Pope confessed to the murder of the young white man, Pope, and said three other negroes -- Irving Chaney, Jake Glover, and Mary Ramey -- assisted Pope in murdering and robbing Pope.
585	After disposing of Meriwether's the mob rushed back to the jail to get the other negroes, who had been arrested on suspicion.
586	the authorities were put around the authorities's necks and the authorities were dragged to the place where Meriwether's bullet riddled body was hanging.
587	A large number of citizens had gathered, and it was after considerable difficulty that the authorities succeeded in rescuing the authorities.
588	Meriwether, the negro, was drawn up to a tree near Monticello, Ga., yesterday to be lynched, Pope confessed to the murder of the young white man, Pope, and said three other negroes Irving Changey Jake Glover, and Mary Ramey assisted Pope in murdering and robbing Pope.
589	After disposing of Meriwether the mob rushed back to the jail to get the other negroes, who had been arrested on suspicion.
590	the authorities were put around the authorities's necks and the authorities were dragged to the place where Meriwether' s bullet-riddled body was hanging.
591	A large number of citizens gathered, and it was after considerable difficulty that the authorities succeeded in rescuing the authorities.
592	Calvin Thomas, colored, was shot by a mob in jail at Whigham, Ga., yesterday for an assault upon Mrs.
593	Sellers, wife of a Baptist a Baptist minister.
594	The mob left a Baptist minister for dead but a Baptist minister revived.
595	The Negro engaged in a quarrel with the white man, in which Marshall Roberts threatened to use a pistol if the officer attempted to arrest Marshall Roberts.
596	The attempt was made, and two deaths ensued.
597	16.
598	Four dead  Four dead negroes lie in Johnson' s warehouse.
599	Besides  Four dead negroes, groaning in agony, are five of  Four dead negroes's race, all victims of an assault made by white men of this neighborhood at an early hour this morning.
600	This little city has had two incendiary fires which have almost destroyed it, since January 1st., and the negroes who were shot down while begging for mercy, and the negroes who were shot down while begging for mercy, lie where January 1st., and the negroes who were shot down while begging for mercy fell on the blood-stained floor of the improvised jail.
601	The dead are Bud Cotton, Tip Hutson, Henry Bingham, Ed.
602	The wounded are Clem Watts, shot in abdomen, Geo.
603	Taylor, wounded in thigh, Isham Brown shot in body, John Jamison, arm fractured.
604	The citizens are patrolling the main streets of the town and dispersing an occasional group of muttering negroes who seem determined to get some form of revenge for the slaughter of four of The citizens's race.
605	Corpse of Shanon Adams Ponnd in the Chattahoochee River.
606	COLUMBUS, Ga., June 21   The body of a negro man, supposed to be that of Shmon Adams, lynched north of the city a few days ago, was found in the river just below the North Highlands dam this morning by Mr. Charles Allen.
607	There was not a stitch of clothing on the body, the head was gone, the tongue adhering to the esophagus, the right arm practically fleshless and bone broken, the skin slipping.
608	The body was practically shot to pieces.
609	A piece of paper six inches square could not have been laid on his's body anywhere without covering a shot wound.
610	There were bullet holes in his's arms, legs, back, abdomen, chest, hands and feet.
611	It was the opinion of bystanders that his's head had been riddled also.
612	The jury' s verdict was that the deceased was an unknown negro man who came to his's death by unknown captives.
613	Simon Adams was lynched for entering the bed room of the daughters of Judge E R Almond a few days ago.
614	Billy Magruder, colored, who had been arrested for trying to enter a young woman' s bedroom at Georgetown, Ga., was taken from jail by masked men.
615	He has not been heard of since.
616	Billy Magruder, colored, who had been arrested for trying to enter a young woman' s bedroom at Georgetown, Ga., was taken from jail by masked men.
617	He has not been heard of since.
618	Floyd Carmichael, a negro about 22 years old, who was identified by Miss Annie Poole, of Lake Wood, a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia, as the man who assaulted Annie Poole was shot in front of the Poole residence, in sight of his victim, by a posse which had captured him.
619	After he had been shot there were cries of  burn him,  but county police, arriving at this time, prevented such action.
620	While returning from a visit to a neighbor, Miss Poole, who is 15 years old, was attacked by the negro and choked until unconscious.
621	When the alarm was given a posse quickly formed, but it was not until late in the afternoon that the negro was captured and brought into Miss Poole' s presence.
622	Annie Poole identified him, a volley of shots rang out, and the negro fell dead.
623	A mob Kill Four Negroes.
624	Palmetto, Ga.  March 16.
625	A mob of masked men stormed the little house doing service as a jail here early this morning, and shot nine The frightened negroes.
626	Four were killed and the other five are badly wounded.
627	The frightened negroes were held for the burning of the town; two fires since Jan. 1 having nearly destroyed it.
628	The negroes who were shot lie where they fell on the floor of the improvised jail.
629	The dead are Bud Cotton, Henry Bingham, Tip Huston, and Ed Brown.
630	One man, John Bigby, is dying and four more are wounded.
631	There are occasional groups of muttering negroes on the streets, who, it is believed, are determined to avenge the shooting.
632	The room where the living and the dead lie side by side is filled with relatives of the men who were shot.
633	The coroner will impanel a jury about noon.
634	Several doctors were summoned and spent the morning working with the wounded.
635	Mayor Arnold has summoned a special guard of five men of seventy-five citizens to patrol the streets and ware houses, and every citizen seen upon the street is armed with a gun.
636	The situation is believed to be practically under control.
637	The Palmetto cotton mills shut down for the day on account of the excitement.
638	The mob that did the shooting was composed of 150 men.
639	Where 150 men came from is not generally known.
640	Some of the people of Palmetto, not the better class, were in the mob.
641	Every face was masked and when the warehouse was reached the special the special guard of five men of five men was covered with out a word.
642	In a minute the mob was in the big warehouse and the fusillade opened.
643	The frightened The frightened negroes begged for mercy without avail.
644	When its work was finished the masked mob rode away.
645	Two fires of incendiary origin have occurred here this year, one in Feb. 23 and the other five days later.
646	Fourteen business houses in all were destroyed.
647	Nine The frightened negroes were arrested on suspicion and taken to Johnson' s warehouse to await preliminary trial, which was to have taken place this morning.
648	Yesterday the leader of the gang Bud Cotton, made a written confession of the guilt of himself and associates.
649	himself was the first to die.
650	The frightened negroes of this community, it is said, have threatened in the last week to burn Fairburn, the county seat, and it is reported that the mob came largely from that town.
651	Sheriff J.C. Adderhold is expected from Fairburn with a large posse.
652	The militia from Atlanta GA. will arrive by noon, but it is not believed they will have anything to do.
653	Atlanta, Ga., March 16.
654	The mayor of Palmetto a little town twenty-five miles out on the Atlantic & West Point railroad, telephones Gov.
655	Candler at five o' clock this morning that a mob had entered the house used as a jail and shot nine The frightened negroes.
656	He asked that militia be sent at once to safeguard the people, as it feared the frightened negroes would revolt and do the whites harm.
657	Candler at once notified Capt.
658	W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train at once notified Capt.
659	W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, He would have a special train put at He's disposal.
660	Candler at once notified Capt.
661	W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train sent out notices to Gov.
662	Candler at once notified Capt.
663	W.W. Barber of the Capital city guards to assemble fifty men and when ready, he would have a special train's men, but as they had nearly all gone to they's places of business it was some time before they were assembled.
664	Barber' s orders are to report to the mayor of Palmetto and put down any uprising which may occur.
665	Troops Have Been Ordered Out by Governor Chandler.
666	Atlanta, Ga., Feb. 11.
667	A telephone message to-night from Leesburg, in the southern part of the state, says a mob took Cupid Redding and two unknown two unknown negroes from the jail there to-night and lynched two unknown negroes.
668	The two unknown negroes were delivered after a short parley with the sheriff and the mob entered the jail.
669	The two unknown negroes were secured, and according to the telephone advices the mob started for the woods with two unknown negroes.
670	Governor Candler to-night ordered a company of state militia from Albany to Leesburg to prevent, if possible, the lynching of a negro at the latter place at the latter place.
671	It was reported to the sheriff of Lee county that a party of lynchers would take the regular night train at Smithville and come to Leesburg for the purpose of lynching the negro at the latter place.
672	The governor was not informed of the negro' s name, but was told that The governor had been arrested and jailed at Leesburg during the afternoon.
673	The black men lynched are believed to have been concerned in the outrage of a Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century.
674	In December the house of John Maroney, a school teacher, was entered by Cupid Redding and two companions.
675	The leader of the black trio of the black trio ordered Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century to tie a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century's husband' s hands behind The leader of the black trio's back, after which they bound The leader of the black trio to a bed.
676	The two unknown negroes then ransacked the house, and having completed this part of two unknown negroes's work, Cupid Redding outraged Mrs. a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century in spite of a Mrs. Maroney, which was one of the most atrocious crimes of the century's helpless and infuriated husband.
677	The two unknown negroes escaped, and although the state had offered heavy rewards, Cupid Redding was not captured until this afternoon.
678	Cupid Redding's two accomplices, however, whose names are unknown, were arrested 10 days ago.
679	Leesburg has no night operator and information by telegraph is unobtainable.
680	CAMILLA, Ga., April 23.
681	Nine indictments have been returned by the county grand jury in connection with the lynching last January of Jim Roland, said to be the first of such findings in the state under what is known as the  mob violence act.
682	All of the indicted men, except two, have been released on $ 10,000 bond, to be tried next week.
683	Jim Roland was shot and killed by a mob after Jim Roland had shot and seriously injured Jason Harrell, after, the witness testified, Jim Roland tried to make Roland dance for Jim Roland.
684	The negro named  Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley this afternoon owed Mr. Winslow a small amount of money and was asked to work out the debt.
685	Mr. Winslow refused and shot Mr. Winslow through the head.
686	Peavy was soon captured and turned over to the sheriff.
687	At 8:30 o' clock tonight the officer and guard were overpowered and the negro named  Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley this afternoon was hanged.
688	a negro named  Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley this afternoon's body was riddled with bullets.
689	When the NEGRO returned Saturday Mrs. Pope employed her's revolver.
690	Neighbors attracted by the shooting, went to Wommock' s house on hearing Mrs. Pope' s story, and found NEGRO in bed, wounded.
691	Wommock was taken out and strung up and Wommock's body riddled with bullets, after which the mob quietly dispersed.
692	Jim Glover, a negro, was shot and otherwise killed at Cedartown for a violent assault on a little girl.
693	John Swilling and wife and three children, at Atlanta, Ga., were murdered last Thursday, by Franels Sanders, the murderer setting fire to the house to conceal John Swilling's crime.
694	John Swilling was arrested, and confessed the deed when the citizens seized and took John Swilling to the scene of John Swilling's crime, where John Swilling was burned alive.
695	Junius Lawrence, three miles from Harrison Was Shot Down In Cold Blood by Masked Men.
696	-RSB- Five or six masked men went to the house of Junius Lawrence, three miles from Harrison, three miles from Harrison, last night, enticed Harrison out to look after a sick horse and began firing at Harrison.
697	Five shots were fired and one took effect, fatally wounding Junius Lawrence, three miles from Harrison.
698	Junius Lawrence, three miles from Harrison swore out a warrant against ono Brantley.
699	News has reached here tonight that Junius Lawrence, three miles from Harrison died during the day.
700	Brantlev has been arrested and carried to Harrison for trial.
701	Five other warrants habe been issued.
702	Negro Murderers Taken From the Law the Law Officers and Put to Death and Put to Death.
703	-RSB-  News was received here today that Ephraim Merchel, who murdered J.J. Brown at Nichols, Ga., and another negro who was present at the killing, were captured near Hazlehurst, Ga., last night.
704	The report says that while the Law Officers and Put to Death were taking the prisoners to Douglas the prisoners were overpowered by a mob and the prisoners were lynched.
705	J.J. Brown, the murdered man, was a prominent stockholder in the Nichols Manufacturing company and stood high in that community.
706	The murder was a most brutal one.
707	Brown was disputing with one of Brown's hands about some trivial matter when Merchal came up and shot Brown without cause.
708	Negro Murderers Taken From the Law the Law Officers and Put to Death and Put to Death.
709	-RSB-  News was received here today that Ephraim Merchel, who murdered J.J. Brown at Nichols, Ga., and another negro who was present at the killing, were captured near Hazlehurst, Ga., last night.
710	The Report says that while the Law Officers and Put to Death were taking the prisoners to Douglas the prisoners were overpowered by a mob and the prisoners were lynched.
711	J.J. Brown, the murdered man, was a prominent stockholder in the Nichols Manufacturing company and stood high in that community.
712	The murder was a most brutal one.
713	Brown was disputing with one of Brown's hands about some trivial matter when Merchal came up and shot Brown without cause.
714	A Negro Who So Far Forgot HE as to Leave the Matter to the Arbitrament of a Bullet.
715	Macon, Ga., June 8.
716	W. Cope, Jr., whose father was one of the leading members of the Georgia bar, was instantly killed by a negro named Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley, this afternoon named Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley, this afternoon.
717	The negro named Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley, this afternoon owed Mr. Winslow a small amount of money and was asked to work out the debt.
718	Mr. Winslow refused and shot Mr. Winslow through the forehead.
719	Peavy was soon captured and turned over to the sheriff.
720	At 8:30 o' clock tonight the officer and guard were overpowered and the negro named Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley, this afternoon was hanged.
721	a negro named Banjo Peavy, on the former' s farm near Fort Valley, this afternoon's body was riddled with bullets.
722	HE was charged with annoying the daughters of prominent citizens.
723	There is something more urgently needed in Georgia than the elimination of the hookworm from the system of the  Cracker.
724	The other day a negro the Rev.
725	John Harvard, John Harvard, was burned to death at the stake near Cochran, Ga. because he had shot and mortally wounded a white the white man's in a quarrel, not of he's seeking and in which he stood an equal chance of being shot.
726	he's crime was without any of those revolting features which sometimes are offered in justification of the summary meting out of justice to the negroes of the south.
727	The crime was without premeditation.
728	A team of mules the negro's was driving was frightened by the white the white man's automobile.
729	Pistols were drawn by both participants, but the negro's gun work was earlier and accurate.
730	The negro's was captured in an hour or two -- in fact, the negro's was not stated that the negro's attempted to escape.
731	the negro's was given time to pray, and then was burned, to the greater disgrace of Georgia.
732	The quarrel between the mule driver and the automobilist was not unlike hundreds that used to take place in the northern states, notably in New York and New England, between automobilists and other citizens, before the speed laws were put into operation and before the right of the automobilists to live was clearly defined in a special interpretation of the law against homicide.
733	Previous to that time the New England the New England farmer believed the automobilist to be a nuisance always subject to abatement.
734	The puncturing of a tire with a bullet was frequently considered by the New England farmer to be full satisfaction, but now and then a shot was taken at the motorist himself.
735	The automobilist was largely to blame for the bucolic hostility that was excited against himself.
736	himself's carelessness and sometimes himself's cussedness in the matter of scaring farm-reared horses by unnecessary'  honk-honking almost justified the homicidal wrath of the farmers.
737	Who knows but the Rev.
738	John Harvard was provoked out of a clerical attitude by a careless automobile driver?
739	Brooks Lane, a young farmer was hanged to a tree near the jail, and Brooks Lane, a young farmer's body was riddled with bullets.
