0	Bud1 % @ E % DSDB ` @ Latter Was promptly Lynched by Infuriated Mob of Whites.
1	Shooting Occurred at Arlington Last Night -- Parents of M. L. Dudley, the White Man Who Was Shot, Live in Albany.
2	[unable to read the rest] The story of the lynching of three Negroes at Leesburg on Saturday night is told in our local columns today.
3	The conservative press of the country is expected to deprecate, and even denounce in the strongest terms, these outbreaks of lawlessness, but so long as such outrageous crimes as the one of which Mr. And Mrs. Maroney, of Lee county, were the victims are committed in civilized communities, and the officers of the law and the judges of our's courts are dilatory about apprehending the criminals and bringing them to speedy trial, it must be expected that in such aggravated cases as the one in Lee county the people will now and then rise in the people's wrath and take the execution of the law into the people's own hands.
4	Two considerations doubtless drove the mob which lynched the three men at Leesburg on Saturday night to take the execution of the law into the three men at Leesburg on Saturday's own hands.
5	First, the law's delay and its uncertainty.
6	The outrage which made justice cry but for the lives of these the three men at Leesburg on Saturday was committed several and yet no steps had been taken to bring its perpetrators to trial, although its perpetrators had been arrested, identified and were in jail.
7	The Sheriff of the county seems to have done The Sheriff of the county's full duty, but The Sheriff of the county could not convene the court and try the criminals.
8	The second and perhaps more acute consideration which prompted the mob to lynch the three Negroes at Leesburg on Saturday was to save the lady who was the victim of the most heinous feature of the crime the embarrassment of having to go into court and tell the revolting story and of having to submit to the inevitable cross-questioning of the learned and aggressive counsel for the defense.
9	The Leesburg affairs of Saturday night is one that is to be deplored by all law abiding citizens, but so long as there are brutes in the country who dare to commit such crimes as the one which has cost these three Negroes these three Negroes's lives Judge Lynch will be liable to get in Judge Lynch's merciless work now and then.
10	One Will Hang And Four Others Go Up For Life Verdicts in the last trials of the famous Miller County murder cases -- Dews Bailey convicted without recommendation, while Florence Bailey and Isaac Garder will serve life sentences -- Five in all convicted.
11	It will be remembered that Burrell Philips was convicted on Wednesday and old man J. P. Rustin's his son, Virgil Rustin, George, or Coot Philips, on the day following, both being found guilty and sentenced to imprisonment for life.
12	Florence Bailey and Isaac Garder and Florence Bailey were jointly tried on Saturday morning and Isaac Gardner that afternoon.
13	All through Saturday night, Sunday and Sunday night the two juries remained out, unable to agree.
14	Early this morning, however, the two juries returned a verdict.
15	The jury before whom the Dews Bailey Florence Bailey and Isaac Garder were tried declared both to be guilty, but recommended Florence to the mercy of the court.
16	Isaac Gardner was found guilty by the other jury but recommended Isaac Gardner mercy.
17	Isaac Gardner, together with Florence Bailey, will today be sentenced to life imprisonment by Judge Sheffield and Dews Bailey will have the sentence of death passed upon Isaac Gardner.
18	The Murderer Had Been Given A Preliminary Trial and Bail Was Refused -- Officers on The Murderer's Way to Cuthbert Jail Overtaken by a Mob -- Great Excitement Prevails.
19	-- Sherman Harris, the negro who killed Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice ten miles below this place, on Monday afternoon, was lynched last night.
20	The particulars, as your correspondent can learn The particulars, are that Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice had a quarrel with the negro about a week prior to the killing.
21	Since that time Harris has been going armed, and making threats as to what Harris intended to do to King.
22	On learning of these threats, Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice went to the plantation of Mr. T. Barfield where Harris was employed, to see Harris.
23	When asked about the reports Harris replied that,  yes Harris had made them and would do what Harris said, whereupon Harris ran into Harris's house nearby, got Harris's shot gun, returned and when near Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice fired, the entire load entering Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice's leg just above the knee, producing death in about 15 minutes, from loss of blood.
24	Harris was arrested and given trial before a magistrate Tuesday afternoon and bond denied.
25	Last night, as the officers were en route to Cuthbert with Harris, the officers were overtaken by a mob of masked citizens, who took the officers's prisoner from the officers; a rope was placed around Harris's neck and Harris was suspended from the limb of a tree nearby, after which Harris was completely riddled with bullets.
26	Great excitement prevails and further trouble is feared.
27	Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice was a prosperous farmer and merchant and stood high in Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice's section.
28	Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice leaves a wife and several small children.
29	The body of Harris at this hour is still hanging to the limb.
30	Their tracks indicated that Their's number was probably about a dozen.
31	These facts were brought out at a coroner's inquest held yesterday afternoon.
32	No arrests have been made, although the officers are at work on the case.
33	Shooting Occurred at Arlington Last Night—Parents of M. L. Dudley, the White Man Who Was Shot, Live in Albany.
34	[unable to read the rest] THE LEESBURG LYNCHING.From Monday’s Daily Herald.
35	The story of the lynching of three Negroes at Leesburg on Saturday night is told in our local columns today.
36	The conservative press of the country is expected to deprecate, and even denounce in the strongest terms, these outbreaks of lawlessness, but so long as such outrageous crimes as the one of which Mr. And Mrs. Maroney, of Lee county, were the victims are committed in civilized communities, and the officers of the law and the judges of our courts are dilatory about apprehending the criminals and bringing them to speedy trial, it must be expected that in such aggravated cases as the one in Lee county the people will now and then rise in their wrath and take the execution of the law into their own hands.
37	Two considerations doubtless drove the mob which lynched the three men at Leesburg on Saturday night to take the execution of the law into their own hands.
38	First, the law’s delay and its uncertainty.
39	The outrage which made justice cry but for the lives of these brutes was committed several and yet no steps had been taken to bring its perpetrators to trial, although they had been arrested, identified and were in jail.
40	The Sheriff of the county seems to have done his full duty, but he could not convene the court and try the criminals.
41	The second and perhaps more acute consideration which prompted the mob to lynch the Negroes was to save the lady who was the victim of the most heinous feature of the crime the embarrassment of having to go into court and tell the revolting story and of having to submit to the inevitable cross-questioning of the learned and aggressive counsel for the defense.
42	The Leesburg affairs of Saturday night is one that is to be deplored by all law abiding citizens, but so long as there are brutes in the country who dare to commit such crimes as the one which has cost these three Negroes their lives Judge Lynch will be liable to get in his merciless work now and then.
43	One Will Hang.And Four Others Go Up For Life.Verdicts in the last trials of the famous Miller County murder cases--- Dews Bailey convicted without recommendation, while Florence Bailey and Isaac Garder will serve life sentences--- Five in all convicted.
44	It will be remembered that Burrell Philips was convicted on Wednesday and his son, George, or Coot Philips, on the day following, both being found guilty and sentenced to imprisonment for life.
45	Dews and Florence Bailey were jointly tried on Saturday morning and Isaac Gardner that afternoon.
46	All through Saturday night, Sunday and Sunday night the two juries remained out, unable to agree.
47	Early this morning, however, they returned a verdict.
48	The jury before whom the Bailey brothers were tried declared both to be guilty, but recommended Florence to the mercy of the court.
49	Isaac Gardner was found guilty by the other jury but recommended him mercy.
50	He, together with Florence Bailey, will today be sentenced to life imprisonment by Judge Sheffield and Dews Bailey will have the sentence of death passed upon him.
51	– Sherman Harris, the negro who killed Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice ten miles below this place, on Monday afternoon, was lynched last night.
52	The particulars, as your correspondent can learn them, are that Mr. King had a quarrel with the negro about a week prior to the killing.
53	Since that time Harris has been going armed, and making threats as to what he intended to do to King.
54	On learning of these threats, Mr. King went to the plantation of Mr. T. Barfield where Harris was employed, to see him.
55	When asked about the reports Harris replied that, “yes he had made them and would do what he said,” whereupon he ran into his house nearby, got his shot gun, returned and when near Mr. King fired, the entire load entering King’s leg just above the knee, producing death in about 15 minutes, from loss of blood.
56	Harris was arrested and given trial before a magistrate Tuesday afternoon and bond denied.
57	Last night, as the officers were en route to Cuthbert with him, they were overtaken by a mob of masked citizens, who took their prisoner from them; a rope was placed around his neck and he was suspended from the limb of a tree nearby, after which he was completely riddled with bullets.
58	Great excitement prevails and further trouble is feared.
59	Mr. King was a prosperous farmer and merchant and stood high in his section.
60	He leaves a wife and several small children.
61	The body of Harris at this hour is still hanging to the limb.
62	The mob’s victim was not Enoch Daniel, as reported by our informant at Leesburg yesterday, but Alfred Thurman, a well-known negro farmer Thurman was also quite an expert detective and was frequently employed by the Lee county officials in hunting down criminals.
63	For this he was cordially hated by the negroes for miles around.
64	Wednesday night about 1 o’clock he was called from his home and decoyed down the road about a mile, where he was shot to death by a party of negroes.
65	Their tracks indicated that their number was probably about a dozen.
66	These facts were brought out at a coroner’s inquest held yesterday afternoon.
67	No arrests have been made, although the officers are at work on the case.
