THE LEESBURG LYNCHING. From Monday's Daily Herald. The story of the lynching of three Negroes at Leesburg on Saturday night is told in our local columns today. The conservative press of the country is expected to deprecate, and even denounce in the strongest terms, these outbreaks of lawlessness, but so long as such outrageous crimes as the one of which Mr. And Mrs. Maroney, of Lee county, were the victims are committed in civilized communities, and the officers of the law and the judges of our's courts are dilatory about apprehending the criminals and bringing them to speedy trial, it must be expected that in such aggravated cases as the one in Lee county the people will now and then rise in the people's wrath and take the execution of the law into the people's own hands. Two considerations doubtless drove the mob which lynched the three men at Leesburg on Saturday night to take the execution of the law into the three men at Leesburg on Saturday's own hands. First, the law's delay and its uncertainty. The outrage which made justice cry but for the lives of these the three men at Leesburg on Saturday was committed several and yet no steps had been taken to bring its perpetrators to trial, although its perpetrators had been arrested, identified and were in jail. The Sheriff of the county seems to have done The Sheriff of the county's full duty, but The Sheriff of the county could not convene the court and try the criminals. The second and perhaps more acute consideration which prompted the mob to lynch the three Negroes at Leesburg on Saturday was to save the lady who was the victim of the most heinous feature of the crime the embarrassment of having to go into court and tell the revolting story and of having to submit to the inevitable cross-questioning of the learned and aggressive counsel for the defense. The Leesburg affairs of Saturday night is one that is to be deplored by all law abiding citizens, but so long as there are brutes in the country who dare to commit such crimes as the one which has cost these three Negroes these three Negroes's lives Judge Lynch will be liable to get in Judge Lynch's merciless work now and then. 