NEGRO LYNCHED NEAR SHELLMAN SHERMAN HARRIS HAD MURDERED MR. SID KING. The Murderer Had Been Given A Preliminary Trial and Bail Was Refused -- Officers on The Murderer's Way to Cuthbert Jail Overtaken by a Mob -- Great Excitement Prevails. Shellman, Ga., March 13. -- Sherman Harris, the negro who killed Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice ten miles below this place, on Monday afternoon, was lynched last night. The particulars, as your correspondent can learn The particulars, are that Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice had a quarrel with the negro about a week prior to the killing. Since that time Harris has been going armed, and making threats as to what Harris intended to do to King. On learning of these threats, Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice went to the plantation of Mr. T. Barfield where Harris was employed, to see Harris. When asked about the reports Harris replied that, `` yes Harris had made them and would do what Harris said,'' whereupon Harris ran into Harris's house nearby, got Harris's shot gun, returned and when near Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice fired, the entire load entering Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice's leg just above the knee, producing death in about 15 minutes, from loss of blood. Harris was arrested and given trial before a magistrate Tuesday afternoon and bond denied. Last night, as the officers were en route to Cuthbert with Harris, the officers were overtaken by a mob of masked citizens, who took the officers's prisoner from the officers; a rope was placed around Harris's neck and Harris was suspended from the limb of a tree nearby, after which Harris was completely riddled with bullets. Great excitement prevails and further trouble is feared. Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice was a prosperous farmer and merchant and stood high in Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice's section. Mr. Sid King at Knighton, a country postoffice leaves a wife and several small children. The body of Harris at this hour is still hanging to the limb. 